Teak is a close grained hardwood with a high natural oil content. This makes it hard wearing, highly resistant to rotting and almost impervious to the effects of sun, rain, frost or snow. These characteristics combine to make it the ideal timber for all outdoor applications. Only premium grade plantation-grown teak is used for the manufacture of Gloster furniture. The features of premium grade teak are a straight grain structure, the absence of knots, splits or cracks and an even overall colour.
Gloster buffed teak benefits from an enhanced surface preparation procedure, where the natural oils already contained within the teak are brought to the surface and burnished to produce a rich sheen and a consistent colour. If you intend to use your furniture indoors or under cover outside (where it will not get wet), the teak will retain much of its original colour and the soft sheen of its buffed finish. Any marks, stains or damage to the buffed teak finish can be restored using the Gloster Buffed Teak Repair Kit.
Gloster buffed teak benefits from an enhanced surface preparation procedure, where the natural oils already contained within the teak are brought to the surface and burnished to produce a rich sheen and a consistent colour.
As with natural finish teak, left to age naturally outside, buffed teak will gradually change to a soft, silver-grey as the pigments in the surface layer of the wood begin to fade away. After the first few exposures to water, you should also expect the surface grain to rise slightly. As a part of the buffing process, the surface is wetted before final sanding to raise the grain, so there will be significantly less raised grain on buffed teak than on natural finish teak. We recommend that you allow your teak furniture to weather naturally this way and simply clean thoroughly once or twice a year with our Teak Cleaner. Buffed teak furniture may also benefit from an occasional light sanding to remove any raised grain and restore a smooth finish to the surface. Under no circumstances should a power washer be used to clean teak furniture as this will erode the surface.
Because teak is a naturally oily wood, it is not possible to paint or varnish. Any paint or varnish applied will not adhere properly to the surface and after a short while will start to peel off.
If you wish to retain the golden-brown colour of new teak we also offer a Teak Sealer. Application of Teak Sealer will not affect the strength or longevity of the furniture in any way, just its appearance. If you elect to use Teak Sealer you will be embarking on a regular maintenance programme as Teak Sealer needs to be regularly re-applied to provide continuous protection.
If you intend to store your furniture over the winter, we recommend that you do so in a water-tight garden shed or garage. However, we advise that you do not move teak furniture from the garden straight into a heated indoor room for storage, as the sharp differences in temperature and humidity may cause the wood to split.
To protect teak surfaces from staining and to help maintain the silver-grey patina on weathered teak, we recommend using our Teak Protector. Our Teak Protector creates an almost invisible shield which helps to prevent food (coffee, ketchup, red wine, olive oil, etc.) penetrating into the teak and causing unsightly stains. Teak Protector also helps protects the wood against the ingress of moisture, the adhesion of dirt and prevents mildew growth.
Sustainable luxury outdoor furniture
As life gets faster and more complex, the need for quality time and space - the freedom to be you - grows too.
At Gloster we open doors to timelessly beautiful exteriors where your furniture sets the mood, just the way you want it to be. And we take the long view, using only the very best materials and techniques available. Our aim is your pleasure – to be enjoyed in countless special moments outdoors.