Materials and finishes
Black American walnut
Black walnut is a hardwood with a rich and straight-grained timber, it can display many unique characteristics, such as knots and variations in depth of tone. The walnut we source is native to North America. We use a protective lacquer finish which enables the timber to age gracefully without heavy discolouration and withstand daily spillage.
European oak is a temperate white oak hardwood native to Europe. It presents a golden to light brown hue with a minimal grain pattern. We use a protective white oil finish to allow the timber to age gracefully without heavy discolouration and withstand daily spillage.
Dark brown house leather
Our house leather is a dark brown aniline leather. As such, it may reveal natural markings such as scarring, growth marks and variation in tone and colour. These markings are a part of the beauty of the leather which has been selected for its natural materiality, high quality and comfort. As a natural material it will age according to its environment, creating a beautiful patina over time.
An oiled finish is a durable natural looking finish that can be revitalised (and if necessary, more easily repaired). Oiled finishes require some low level maintenance to keep the wood protected and looking its best.
Day to day cleaning:
• Wipe clean with a damp non-abrasive cloth, then using a dry cloth remove any excess moisture.
• Wipe up wine, oil and any liquids that might stain as quickly as possible.
• To ensure the finish remains as resilient as possible to staining we recommend Osmo Wash & Care (8016) as it contains soaps and oils to both nourish and prevent the wood from drying out.
6 monthly replenishment / more stubborn stains:
• As the table is used it can dry out as the oil can thin with wear and washing with water alone. If the table looks dry or you have a more stubborn stain we recommend using a revitalising Osmo Liquid Wax Cleaner (white 3087) for oak pieces and (clear 3029) for walnut pieces
• Leave any water, wine, oil or liquids that might stain – wipe up as quickly as possible. (Oil provides a semi-permeable finish, which means some liquids can penetrate the surface if left)
• Use ANY chemical cleaning products or bleach as this will remove the protective layer of oil and it will then stain.
A lacquered finish requires very little maintenance and is durable and resistant to spills.
• Wipe clean with a damp cloth then buff off with a clean, dry cloth.
• Leave any wine, oil or liquids that might stain – wipe up as quickly as possible.
• Use any abrasive cleaning products or bleach as this could damage the protective layer of lacquer.
Our house leather is a pure aniline leather. As such, it may reveal natural markings such as scarring, growth marks and variation in tone and colour. These markings are a part of the beauty of the leather which has been selected for its natural materiality, high quality and comfort. As a natural material it will age according to its environment, creating a beautiful patina over time. We recommend you avoid placing furniture in direct sunlight or next to strong heat sources as this can cause aniline leather to discolour or dry out prematurely.
• As an untreated material, the leather is naturally absorbent. If cleaning is essential for small marks, carefully dab with a clean, lint-free cloth, and vacuum gently using the small brush attachment. For more pronounced marks, please refer to a professional leather cleaner.
• Use any abrasive or chemical cleaning products or bleach, as this will damage the leather.
Includes VAT. Excludes shipping or overseas crating.
Creators of furniture and lighting where beautiful objects celebrate form and material, inspire artistry in our workshops and deliver a warmth, substance and elegance to our customers' spaces.
For us, the worlds of work and home are delicately intertwined - balanced in equilibrium with a good few years of practice under our belts. A truly personal dance we do and ongoing labour of love, we wanted the film to capture an insight into our creative vision and the ever-so-slight madness to our method.
About making beautiful things
Close country picker
Europe and Rest of World
Bosnia & Herzegovina
United Arab Emirates
Moreau slipcover sofa
Faustine table light
Posent pendant light
Call +44 (0) 207 622 5075
Apply for a trade account
Please fill out the form below and one of our sales team will be happy to help.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Opens in a new window.
Our lights add the final flourish that can have the most impact on a space and we consider their contribution as equally important when illuminated or sleeping.
Pium wall light medium
Pium wall light small
Soren globe light 700
Soren globe light 450
Soren pendant light 600
Soren pendant light 450
Soren pendant light 250
Beata 5 cluster light
Beata 3 cluster light
Family meals, lively suppers, impending deadlines; the rituals and demands of daily life demand much of our furniture. Our tables and desks are designed to perform but with a thoughtfulness, artistry and gentleness in their detailing; be that how the curved underside of a table feels to the hand or how we integrate cables and hardware to working desks without compromising on beauty.
Harper dining table extending
Rodan elliptical dining table
Rodan coffee table large
Rodan coffee table medium
Menton inlaid leather desk
Lana dressing table II
Harlosh bedside table
From arts and crafts inspired chairs to coppiced hazel sculptural perches that bring a sense of the outdoors into our homes; our chairs, benches and stools all carry a lightness of touch and a commitment to beautiful, elegant materials.
To sit is to pause, to take a moment to relax, reflect. Our sofas are perfect comfort givers and conversation makers, our armchairs support your back and therefore your reading habit. Made to order, these designs can be resized and customised if our standard sizes don’t exactly suit your space.
Brody wingback armchair
Brody low back armchair
We accumulate so many possessions and sometimes these things are simply best hidden away; there for when needed, but not cluttering the every-day. Good cabinetry can be our most hardworking furniture partner; providing shelves to carry, drawers to fill, and hanging space to keep the peace. All of our designs consider perfect proportions and many can be custom reconfigured to suit our customers' specific spaces.
Mercier vitrine cabinet
Frans drinks cabinet
Frey 3 door sideboard
Joyce chest of drawers
Kentridge chest of drawers
Post office shelving
Relaxed yet elegant style, where simple and iconic shapes make a grand contribution to a space whilst sitting comfortably in their own skin. Our beds invite a quiet sense of luxury for the most intimate of personal spaces where we can recharge and reset.
We create objects that are generous in their capacity to add detail, yet are elegant and composed. Our mirrors bring quiet reflection to walls and corners, our rugs add warmth and texture, our accessories deliver sculpture and flair.
Our collection of special editions brings an exciting new dynamic to some of our most celebrated table designs. Three blackened pieces that are unique, compelling and considered, and intended to serve as bold anchor points in our customers’ spaces.
Our ex-display pieces may have lived on our shop floor, whilst others have been found in the darker corners of our studio and storage units.
Was: £24,400 including VAT.
Now: £17,080 including VAT. (discount 30%)
Frey 2 door sideboard
Was: £4,825 including VAT.
Now: £2,895 including VAT. (discount 40%)
Was: £3940 including VAT.
Now: £2,364 including VAT. (discount 40%)
Was: £8,990 including VAT.
Now: £6,293 including VAT. (discount 30%)
Mead coffee table scorched
Was: £2,750 including VAT.
Now: £1,925 including VAT. (discount 30%)
In 2004 Russell Pinch and Oona Bannon established PINCH with the aim to create furniture and lighting that we would want to live with. We set our sights on what we would want to surround ourselves with, indulged ourselves in the detail, and didn’t compromise on the materials. Our products are characterised by a quiet and elegant aesthetic, the result of tireless refinement and an intense dedication to craft and process.
We believe in poetic design and making beautiful things; pieces that endure, inspire and aspire to be inherited. We refine our designs until we feel we have arrived at our idea of perfection but we seek to leave them with a lightness of touch, which allows our collection to lend itself to both country and concrete environments. Our design process is all about beauty found in simplicity and the indulgence of well-crafted detail.
The manner in which the pieces are produced is as important to us as the designs themselves and we manufacture with a serious commitment to quality and a honed attention to detail and finish. We work with an evolving stable of skilled craftsmen and women in the UK and Europe to produce our designs, holding stock of large and small pieces, offering the opportunity to finish many of them in bespoke colours, as well as offering flexibility for our clients to order custom versions and bespoke commissions that are detailed with the same fervour for perfection.
Our furniture and lighting work in both domestic spaces and contract environments and whilst we had a very personal vision of how our pieces might live, we delight in the fact that our clients engage with them individually to create very personal and particular spaces, all united by creative visions that put quality and artistry first.
We sell products directly from our Ebury Street showroom in London’s Pimlico Road district, and we ship worldwide. We also partner with a select number of leading international retailers who present our pieces to the wider world stage. We are proud to have been nominated for, and to have won, many design awards over the years and we are continually delighted to have our work recognised by the international design press, who cite us as a leading design studio representing British design talent, one which advocates manufacture that is set to last both stylistically and in terms of its construction. Put simply, we are furniture lovers who love to make well.
Winner House & Garden
Winner Livingetc Ceiling Light Design Icon
Highly commended Homes & Gardens Best Furniture Piece
Winner Elle Decoration British Design Awards
Winner Wallpaper* Design Awards
Finalist Blueprint Award Best Product
Winner Guild Mark for excellence in British Furniture Design
Winner Elle Decoration Best British Brand
Winner Wallpaper* Design Awards Best Desk
Short-listed Elle Decoration British Design Awards
Winner Grand Designs Awards
Winner Homes & Gardens Design Classic Award (Judges Award)
Winner Homes & Gardens Design Classic Award (Furniture)
Directed by Raspberry & Jam
Since 2004 PINCH have made enduring furniture and lighting designs that celebrate simple forms and excellent craftsmanship. What follows is an intimate insight into how Russell Pinch and Oona Bannon work and the things that inspire them.
It was 2004 when we launched the first PINCH products: a collection of storage furniture; armoires, credenzas, cupboards. They were a statement of intent. Each had been beautifully made, they were generous, forgiving, emphatic; products to live a lifetime with. We took our first order and have been making ever since.
At Pinch we believe in many things; in an emotional connection to the materials around us, that there are no short cuts when it comes to making something well, in the enduring beauty and appeal of a pure form. We live in a cluttered world and understand that any furniture or product must work hard to win its place.
How we make has always been incredibly important. There is a clear relationship between us, our lives, our design studio, the people we work with, and Pinch products.
Our commitment is to work in the best way we can.
Put creativity first
In the beginning our home was our workshop, a studio and a showroom. Everything was for sale. One morning we were woken by a Norwegian couple standing on our doorstep with suitcases at their feet, they had come directly from the airport. We showed them armoires; the calling cards of our new design studio, the small sofa designed to fit in the bay of a window, tables, chairs. They were pleased; complimentary of the hard-won finishes and details and they bought most of it, emptying the rooms. We begged them not to buy our dining table.
There is a sense of autobiography to PINCH that was especially obvious in those early works. We were designing for ourselves and how we wanted to live.
On four large sheets of white paper tacked to the wall we wrote:
- ‘Design that endures’
- ‘Always put creativity first’
- ‘Trust in ourselves’
- ‘Trust in the skills of those around us’
These things became a manifesto for our work.
Our customers have propelled us forwards. We listen carefully to the people who buy our objects:
the young couple buying their first ‘proper’ piece,
the irrepressible collectors,
the comfort seekers,
friends and strangers.
‘Follow the design through’.
This favourite saying reminds us that we are not beholden to any material nor dominated by any particular methodology of making. Our approach has always been more democratic; we react to every product’s individual wants, we try to satisfy its demands: to make it sing.
We have learnt lessons from history; there are reflections of American Shaker and Scandinavian Modernism in our pieces. And a subtle Britishness influenced by the proportion and rigor of Georgian architecture, the warmth and humanity of Arts & Crafts, the simple beauty of the landscape.
‘How do we want to live?’ From there we explore object typologies, atmospheres we want to orchestrate and functions we want to fulfil. Inspiration comes to us in no orderly fashion:
- pages torn from fashion magazines,
- a material full of possibilities,
- that Vermeer moment.
PINCH furniture is made in a workshop where fine balsa dust permanently hangs in the air.
Our design process begins and ends with the hand: Russell literally feels his way through each object. He imagines, sculpts, carves, amends, fixes. Then comes plenty of communal discussion and gatherings around the workbench where opinions are given frankly. Ideas begin to layer one on top of another. Then back to the tools for more concentrated making; head and heart and eye in concert.
Model making is an indispensable part of our process. This world in miniature lets us imagine, envision, and feel the works to come.
Oona distils. She takes in more from the environment than I do. There are times when Oona is the eyes and the ears and I am the hands.
Play to their skills
We have travelled the road to Dorset many times. In the winter, you can make out the light from a workshop at the very end of a country lane. The people here use well-practiced principles of cabinet-making. They, like us, want to do things once and do them well. We all want to make better products.
PINCH work with gifted craftsmen and women and specialist manufacturers across the UK and Europe. We seek each out because of their rare talents. Our designs play to their skills and that is the way it should be.
Visiting our makers is important, we want to witness the manufacturing process that we have initiated.
These trips are always enlightening. Everyone works hard to communicate and to understand each other.
We talk, we negotiate, and we refine, refine, refine.
The air smells dry and there are mounds of sawdust across the factory floor, like termite mounds.Working with wood is a perpetual pleasure for us and we never cease to be amazed by the generosity of this enduring material. We have celebrated its strength, its tactility, warmth and character in many pieces.We are always respectful of resources, the materials we use and the people we work with.
We have stained glass windows high in the walls of our studio. They are a curiosity in an otherwise industrial space. As the day progresses fragments of coloured light dance delicately across the surface of the walls and floor:
their path determined by the cycle of the day and season.
Similarly, we move instinctively through our days; migrating between design, making, communicating, selling. Shifting between the personal and professional, the country and the city.
Each element is essential in making our work what it is, in the pursuit of making beautiful things.
Photography by Samuel Bradley
Concept by Laura Houseley and Robbie Mahoney
Words by Laura Houseley
PINCH × Mark Kenly Domino Tan
PINCH X Pemberton Quilts
PINCH X Sussy Cazalet
PINCH X Martyn Thompson Studio : Martyn Thompson Townhouse
PINCH X Mourne Textiles: Luachanna
PINCH X The Future Perfect : The Chair
PINCH X Goop : Pop-up
PINCH × Panerai : Challenger’s Trophy
PINCH X The Perfect Future : The PINCH Apartment
PINCH X 1882 : Flare
PINCH X The Conran Shop : L'Abattoir
Teddy’s Wish charity : A child’s dream
PINCH X Aram Gallery : Prototypes and Experiments
PINCH × Timorous Beasties: The Noelle Sofa in Graffiti Stripe Velvet
Our showroom is open Monday to Friday from 9am until 6pm and Saturdays from 10am to 5pm.
If you would like to view a particular piece and ensure dedicated time with a member of our team please get in touch.
In the beginning, our home was our workshop, a studio and a showroom. Everything was for sale. One morning we were woken by a Norwegian couple standing on our doorstep with suitcases at their feet, they had come directly from the airport. We showed them armoires; the calling cards of our new design studio, the small sofa designed to fit in the bay of a window, tables, chairs. They were pleased; complimentary of the hard-won finishes and details and they bought most of it, emptying the rooms. We begged them not to buy our dining table.
In 2014, we moved into our studio and in April 2017, we viewed an empty retail space on The Pimlico Road that a friend mentioned was available. We were just looking, researching the business of retail, and as designers with a busy studio we already had our hands full. But that day there was something about the way the sun fell in the space and the way we could immediately see our collection making a home and living its best life within those walls.
Our showroom is nestled amongst the furniture, antiques and furnishings shops of London’s celebrated interior design district: The Pimlico Road. Moving here totally changed our business, as we instantly became part of a community of world-renowned designers and antique purveyors. This created the most wonderful opportunity for us to connect directly with our customers, those local to Chelsea and others who have travelled from far away to experience our collection.
For many in today's digital world, bricks and mortar shops are no longer a necessity for small designers but for us, it is so incredibly important to keep shopping places and experiences alive, connected and human. Meeting our customers in real life has been and remains such a privilege, understanding who is buying our furniture and how they intend to live with it. There is no better feeling than when an old customer pops in to just say hello, these are the connections we value the most.
The space shares its history with British cook Elizabeth David, who opened her first kitchenware shop here. It was only after we’d moved in that Sir Terence Conran mentioned that it was the very same building she’d set up shop at in November 1965. Elizabeth David was passionate about elevating everyday British cooking which allowed a sense of appreciation of the process. This was something we could resonate with, creating products to live well with. The store, with its marvellous window displays, was as influential as her books would eventually be, pioneering a new generation of shops devoted exclusively to kitchen accessories.
Over the years we have collected various cookbooks that are now dotted all over the showroom. A special ode to the small history that existed within the space.
Consultations at our NYC Apartment are by appointment only and can be booked up to 8 weeks in advance via the link below, and address details will be confirmed prior to visit.
Our home in Manhattan
Nestled away in Greenwich Village in a historic brownstone that boasts an enviable design history, The Apartment preserves its original 19th-century architectural detailing, creating the perfect backdrop to showcase our collection.
A curated taste of our collection
The Apartment’s new furniture and lighting occupants, have been carefully considered to give customers a feel of our wider offering via a capsule edit of our collection. From cabinetry to upholstery and lighting, each category is represented. You can sink into a sofa or run your hands along a dining table and get a real, in person feel for the exquisite materiality, craftsmanship and attention to detail that our designs are so celebrated for.
Bringing life to ideas
With shelves displaying scaled miniatures of our collection and samples of larger design details, our team is well equipped to answer all of your questions and convey a glimpse into our full 20-year-strong offering without the need for a flight to London.
Whether we connected last time we were in town or you’ve yet to see our collection up close, we would love to welcome you to our latest home away from home.
A space to prosper our creativity
Tucked away, just off a bustling south London high street, our studio lives in a Victorian arts centre that was once home to the capital’s workshop, for fixing up trains and associated industrial machinery. This special site offered us the bones upon which we could build our business, and we have loved it ever since.
The space has hugely informed who we are and what we do (as well as vice versa), and it is a rare find in London. The studio has 20-foot ceilings and large windows that overlook train tracks where you might spot a British Pullman Steamer, which we all regularly run to see. More importantly, this space still carries the energies of its former life - it's a space for fixing things, making them right, and ensuring everything is in a positive state to move forward. We have dreamt, built and thrived in this space that we gather in daily.
As the HQ and heartland of our company, our studio is designed to encourage and nurture creative thought and ideas, and to ensure a sense of collaboration and shared goals across our teams. People and pieces of furniture sit side by side, moving in rotation with our latest shoots and product development projects. Models and sketches line the shelves, remnants of past projects and soon to be realised ideas.
We have stained glass windows high on the walls of our studio. They are a curiosity in an otherwise industrial space. As the day progresses, fragments of coloured light dance delicately across the surface of the walls and floor. A delicate spiral staircase leads to the workshop downstairs. Here, dust hangs in the air, and the smell of oil and wood stain is backed by the constant hum of a sander. In the belly of our busy studio, in-progress prototypes and rough cut sections of timber lie quietly, waiting to be employed by our products.
Surrounded by models and sketches stacked high on shelves, Russell’s desk sits in the heart of our studio’s home. His trusted pens give colour to initial concepts and half-shaded drawings decorate the neighbouring surfaces, inviting passersby to crane and see. This is where his ideas are imagined, explored and realised. This is where our pieces first come to life, and this is where our team then apply their skill and consideration, in our common goal of ensuring we deliver our designs, our products and all aspects of our business, as well as we can. It's our workplace, but also where our intentions are rooted.
To understand more about the way we work and to take a glimpse at the magic created in our studio, watch our film.
Clapham North Art Centre