Bernhardt Bradington Young Brown Jordan
Hekman Hooker Furniture Howard Elliott
Lavin Rugs LEE Industries Lloyd Flanders
Sam Moore Saloom Stylus Summer Classics
Taylor King The Uttermost Company Theodore Alexander Treasure Garden Umbrellas Tropitone
Columbine Showroom has been a family owned and operated business in the Denver area for over 35 years. Dean and Jack Burchfield started out on Wynkoop Street and slowly grew their way to the Denver Design District in 1991. Now with Tim Burchfield managing the business, Columbine is on its third generation of ownership. They are proud to offer a wide selection of today’s finest furniture including brands such as Bernhardt, Hooker Furniture, Brown Jordan, LEE Industries and Taylor King.
Family matters at Columbine and influences the way in which they run their business. Along with their team of committed Sales Associates, each and every customer is provided a reliable and comfortable shopping experience. Please let Columbine meet your next furniture need with industry expertise and elite customer service.
Since we are “to the trade only”, please feel free to contact any of these design professionals to assist you in your shopping experience.
See the impact a Bernhardt piece can make in your living room, dining room or bedroom. Whether you favor sleek contemporary styling or more classic designs, our furniture is made to match your lifestyle today and for years to come.
Bradington-Young and Sam Moore by Hooker Furniture and the Hooker Furniture brand of products offer an extensive product line to help you shop beautiful home furnishings that you’ll love.
Brown Jordan has designed luxury leisure furnishings that transcend time and liberate the senses. Established in 1945, Brown Jordan was the first company to create furniture for full-time outdoor use. The first of these innovative new designs, constructed of welded tubular aluminum and vinyl lace seating, was fittingly called “Leisure”, and marked the birthplace of outdoor furniture.
Caracole offers high style products for both upholstery and casegood products. Caracole furniture is original and versatile, utilizing over 50 different finishes and materials.
At Four Hands, design is a journey — not a destination. From Parisian and antique markets steeped in tradition, to the rural recesses of Europe, China, India and beyond, our designers travel the globe in search of inspiration. We create cutting-edge furnishings by putting our ideas to the test during every step of the design process. Mixing inspiration with expertise, overlooked materials, quality construction, and sustainable methods, we bring trends and treasures to life. We can’t wait to share our world view with you.
Gabby creates unique, transitional furniture and transitional lighting in eclectic, vintage modern and antique style. We exist to create compelling design for inspired living. At Gabby, we believe in telling a story with our eclectic and transitional furniture.
The careful selection of ingredients, the patient hands-on techniques and the exacting presentation, remain the hallmarks of the Hekman Furniture Company today. Now, almost a century old, Hekman is widely recognized as one of America’s premier furniture makers.
In 1925, Clyde Hooker Jr. Started Hooker Furniture. In his 40 years leading the company, Clyde’s dedication to the pursuit of making stylish, beautiful, well-made furniture propelled the company to become one of the nation’s premier importers and manufacturers of furniture. In 2000, Clyde passed the torch of leadership to Paul B. Toms Jr, grandson of the company’s founder, making Hooker a third-generation company and one of the few furniture firms still led by a member of the founding family.
Howard Elliott has been redefining the home furnishing and hospitality industry with innovative designs of decorative mirrors, accessories, and occasional furniture since 2001. Lifestyles change the way we live and Howard Elliott’s mission is to create exceptional products which truly finish a room.
Lee makes every piece of our furniture right here in the USA. LEE is demonstrating that making a change does not compromise the quality or integrity of the product. They source more domestic and organic fabrics to bring you additional alternatives in upholstery fabric. We are also offering an upgrade to our standard soy-based cushion called the Eco-Lux cushion.
Each of their trend setting collections offered in the original Lloyd Loom or hand woven custom vinyl are individually hand crafted offering comfort, warmth and style.
For over sixty years, O.W. Lee has been dedicated to the design and production of fine handcrafted casual furniture. From their 100,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Ontario, California, artisans combine centuries-old techniques with state-of-the-art equipment to produce beautiful casual furniture.
RC Furniture is all about giving you design choices. When it comes to offering an array of styles, they have the gamut – from the ageless appeal of transitional to the striking visual of clean contemporary.
American made, hand-crafted furniture are two things Saloom Furniture Company prides itself on. Whether you are looking for country, contemporary, transitional, or European style furniture, Saloom offers them all. And as a bonus, you can choose from different finish styles and leg options. Finally, Saloom furniture is built to last through generations.
Sam Moore has been lovingly crafting fine upholstered seating in the U.S. for over 70 years. From beloved classics to trendy transitional styles, you can be comfortable knowing each piece is handcrafted with pride by Americans for American homes.
Established in 1959, Stylus, Made to Order Sofas has grown to be one of Canada’s largest furniture manufacturers. Stylus operates two locations in greater Vancouver in addition to showrooms located in Vancouver and Las Vegas.
A premier manufacturer of fine garden furniture and fireside furnishings was founded on the principle that truly classic design, no matter how simple or elaborate, can and will be embraced for years. They aspire to create exquisite, timeless furnishings, which offer a fresh level of sophistication and quality to outdoor living.
Passion. Finesse. Community. These are the pillars that started Taylor King almost fifty years ago. As one of the nation’s leading manufacturers of American made custom upholstered furniture, they attribute their success to an unparalleled commitment to quality and comfort in combination with an extensive fabric line.
Uttermost manufactures mirrors, art, metal wall art, lamps, accessories, clocks and lighting fixtures. The growth of Uttermost is primarily due to our commitment to three things: superior service to Retailers, maximizing the value of the products made through better design and sharp pricing, and treating their employees, sales representatives, and designers as partners in business.
Founded in 1996 by the enigmatic Paul Maitland Smith, Theodore Alexander is one of the leading manufacturers of fine furniture. Our comprehensive collections consist of several thousand designs, providing eclectic, traditional and modern classical furniture and accessories to our clients. To us, quality is paramount and we aim for excellence in every single piece. We strive for innovative designs and create furniture to last lifetimes.
Since 1984, Treasure Garden has manufactured the widest selection of shade products inthe world. We offer mroe than 25,000 variations of shade solutions and accessories. From our revolutionary Easy Track™ models to our award-winning Cantilever and Table Umbrellas series, Treasure Garden has a perfect shade for your outdoor environment.
Since 1954, Tropitone has maintained a tradition of excellence in the design and manufacture of casual indoor and outdoor patio furniture, pool furniture, patio umbrellas, market umbrellas and shade solutions. Tropitone helps you create living solutions for outdoor spaces with outdoor patio furniture designs from gracious traditional looks in highly-detailed cast aluminum to contemporary choices at home in the most modern surroundings.
While their designs are heavily influenced by both Eastern and Western classical archetypes, they are informed by a modern sensibility to silhouette, material, and color; and possess a versatility which allows them to slip as comfortably into a traditional room as a modern loft or sunroom. The hallmark of a Bungalow 5 piece is that it always feels comfortably familiar yet strikingly fresh.
Occasional Tables & More
Bar / Counter Stools:
Denver Design District
9am–5pm Monday–Friday
595 South Broadway, Suite 105E
Email:info@columbineshowroom.com
Toll-Free: 888.579.1116
I-25 South, take exit 208 for Alameda Avenue. Turn left (East) at West Alameda Avenue, then turn right (South) at South Broadway. Take a right onto Center Drive, building is at far end of the circle drive.
I-25 North, take exit 207A toward Lincoln St/Broadway and continue straight on Lincoln. Turn left (West) at Center Drive, building is at far end of the circle drive.
We are constantly amazed by the talent of our clients. We provide the access to beautiful products, but you are the visionaries.
Email us images of your work, including the product from the showroom and any listing information you would like shown (firm, design, location, etc). Keep coming back to this page and you will witness the wonderful variations of our products. It’s easy! No need to send professional shots if you don’t have them, just something that represents your vision.
Caracole – What’s up pussycat chair
Columbine Showroom has been a family owned and operated business in the Denver area for over 35 years. Dean and Jack Burchfield started out on Wynkoop Street and slowly grew their way to the Denver Design District in 1991. Now with Tim Burchfield managing the business, Columbine is on its third generation of ownership. They are proud to offer a wide selection of today’s finest furniture including brands such as Bernhardt, Brown Jordan, LEE Industries and Taylor King.
Dean built this business over 30 years ago with his partner and father, Jack. Dean is married to Nancy and has two kids, Katie and Tim. If Dean isn’t at the showroom, you will probably find him on the golf course.
Tim has been a member of Columbine’s family since 2008. He is a Graduate of the University of Montana with a major in Marketing and Management. Tim is married to Lindsey and father to Riley and Jack. Tim enjoys golfing, BBQ on the Treager, and playing with his kids.
Nancy, wife of Dean, is a retired teacher of 26 years in the Cherry Creek school district. Nancy loves to knit, spend time with her grandchildren and spends her summers on the golf course.
Karie joined Columbine Showroom in 2012. She has a degree in Interior Design from Arapahoe Community College. She has a passion for design and enjoys assisting designers with their projects. During her off hours, she enjoys spending time with her family, skiing, dancing and weight lifting.
Becky joined Columbine Showroom in 2023. She has a degree in Fine Arts from George Washington University. With 15 years in the visual arts and furniture industries, Becky is adept at understanding a client’s vision and recommending compatible products and solutions. Becky has a passion for photography, loves time at the beach, and treasures doing both with her young daughter.
She received her Bachelor’s degree in interior design at the Art Institute of Colorado and studied abroad at the American Intercontinental University in London. Sarah has over 12 years’ experience working in commercial, residential and retail properties in design and visual merchandising. Sarah loves traveling, reading and doing anything creative with her husband and curious toddler.
Ava joined Columbine Showroom in 2023. She has a degree in interior design from the Interior Design Institute, and a background in residential design, space planning, and remodeling. She has a passion for design, and creating beautiful spaces for people to enjoy. In her free time, Ava loves to travel, explore the outdoors, and create art.
Columbine Showroom works with you to make the purchase process quick and easy as possible. We know you would rather spend time designing, so we’ve tried to streamline the process you need to take with us.
Columbine Showroom is a wholesale to the trade showroom. We will need:
- A hard copy of your state Tax resale certificate.
- If you purchase an item from the showroom floor you must have a CO Sales Tax certificate. Columbine will not collect tax.
- Owner and staff names
Placing an order is simple! We require all details be finalized and a 50% deposit to move an order into production. If you are an out of state designer or shipping out of state we require a 75% deposit with a credit card. Columbine will charge your credit card for the remaining balance and freight once the order ships on all out of state shipments. You will receive an order acknowledgment within 24-48 hours to review detail of the order (if you haven’t received your acknowledgment within this time frame please let us know).
Some vendors require a COM form; we will send that to you as necessary.
NOTE: All orders with Columbine Showroom are special orders. No refunds, returns or exchanges on ALL special orders.
Delivery and Post Delivery
Columbine Showroom sides with the Design Trade that freight costs are a necessary evil.
Delivery is the responsibility of the design firm for any product purchased from Columbine Showroom. We work with many different freight and delivery companies. Most manufacturers have established relationship with a specific company to allow for better rates. Columbine Showroom will give freight estimates and information on the default company when requested. Design firm is responsible for all freight and delivery costs. It is important to note the order becomes the property of the design firm once it leaves the manufacture. Once the product arrives we suggest that all products be signed for as “subject to inspection.” Signing for a shipment is the legal transfer of the product, regardless of the condition issues or missing items. Most products are shipped to a receiving warehouse. If questions should arise about the receiving warehouse and its legitimacy we will ask for a Receiver Requirements form to be filled out and turned in with the order. The design firm should go over these policies with the receiver. It is important to understand everyone’s role in this process.
Conditions and Issues Resolution
Columbine Showroom will do its best to help resolve any issues that occur. The usual first step in this process is digital images. These can be used with the freight company and the manufacturer to establish responsibility. It is important to note that this is a time sensitive process, not contingent on final delivery.
Pick up off the Floor
Columbine Showroom is more than happy to help you with your purchase of small off the floor items to your car. Columbine Showroom employees will not lift any furniture that is over 30lbs. If your floor purchase should exceed 30lbs the design firm will be responsible for the hiring of a delivery company for pick up of this purchase. Columbine Showroom does not provide any moving material for floor purchases over 30lbs.
projects@insidestories.com
Inside Stories® offers interior design services in Denver and its surrounding cities. From residential interior design to styling, furniture selection, and space planning, our team can handle all design requests. We have a unique approach to our design process that merges the best of both large and small interior design firms. We deliver a customizable interior design service in Colorado and beyond that allows flexibility to meet your budget and timing requirements, without compromising on design and customer service.
Katy Allen – Interior Designer
Address: 5 Murray Road, Unit D-4, Edwards, CO 81632
Katy Allen’s passion for design started at an early age. She grew up in a family of real estate brokers in Vail, Colorado. As a young girl, Katy would accompany her parents to open houses and tour their listings. Because Vail is an international community, she was exposed to all types of interior design and architecture and loved the stories that décor told about the family who owned the home and the home itself.
To make her dream, a reality Katy received a Bachelor’s Degree in Interior Design, moved back to the Vail Valley and began her journey as a designer and entrepreneur. Katy lives an indoor-outdoor life style complete with three kids, a husband, and a dog. She finds that a relaxed and authentic approach to design creates real spaces that both function and reflect personal style.
Katy Allen Interior Design was founded in 2002, and like the homes that inspired her as a child, Katy strives to make each home reflect the lives of its owners and tell their story. Authentic and eclectic spaces that are mindful of texture and scale are the foundations of good design and the philosophies that she embraces with each client’s home.
Office: (303) 682-5969
Cell: (303) 229-9253
llcotter@comcast.net
Cotter Interior Design creates timeless interiors that are both unique and elegant. By working directly with the client to extract their taste and style, Laura Cotter is able to create an exceptional environment that represents clients and their lifestyle. Through skillful use of color and furnishings, Laura designs spaces that accentuate the warmth and comfort we all seek. She implements order with a cohesive style to create an environment that is not only aesthetically pleasing, but is also functional.
With a background in fashion as well as over 15 years of interior design experience, Laura Cotter has a knack for creating truly impressive interiors. She believes that the key to design success lies in tailoring each project to a client’s individual needs and budget, and working to improve not just the visual quality of a space, but also the functionality. Laura’s precise and creative method has led to multiple design awards. She is also an accredited member of the Interior Design Society.
Phone: (303) 892-5805
Address: 846 Elati Street, Denver, Colo. 80204
Our holistic approach combines thoughtful and artful design to create original and timeless solutions for residential and commercial projects. From interior design and architecture, to environmental color consultation, and three-dimensional marketing and branding, Mandil Inc. creates remarkable designs that embody the clients’ lifestyle or brand.
Katie Schroder – Interior Designer
Katie Schroder, of Atelier Interior Design, has made a name for herself with her signature mix of color and pattern. Boutique in approach with a completely custom feel, Atelier believes in pushing the limits of clients on an aesthetic level to explore the possibilities of design to personalize their space. Design is something that typically gets developed with multiple layers in mind. Thoughtful design is developed when the entire scheme is well supported, balancing and blending multiple elements.
melanie@escobedodesigngroup.com
With more than twenty years of design experience, Melanie Hu Escobedo, principal of Escobedo Design Group, Inc. is able to assist you from the ground up to the finishing touches. Her specialty is helping you discover your individual style, created from life, family, interests and travel. Together you will transform your house into the home you’ve always dreamed of.
With a love and appreciation of all design styles, it is easy for her to realize your personal tastes and preferences. Whether you need someone to pull together what you already have in a new way or create your own ideal from concept to completion, Melanie would be glad to help.
Colleen Johnson, ASID, CAPS
Address: 1280 S Clayton St # A Denver, Colorado 80210
insite@insite-design-group.com
In-Site specializes in luxury residential interiors and has completed projects throughout the United States. The firm collaborates with architects, contractors, landscapers and with an international network of furnishing manufacturers, artists, and craftsmen to provide comprehensive design services and spectacular custom interiors.
As well as being a professional level member of ASID (American Society of Interior Designers), Colleen is also a Certified Aging-in-Place Specialist (CAPS) with years of experience creating beautiful, high performance, universally accessible homes.
Corinne Ekle – Interior Designer
Address: 7000 E Belleview Ave, Suite 355, Greenwood Village, CO 80111
admin@c2designinteriors.com
C2Design’s professional and personal design team is committed to helping our clients achieve their vision for a timeless space that is a reflection of their lifestyle and personality. Whether you desire classic or contemporary interior design, c2Design has the expertise to turn your dreams into a beautiful reality.
With years of building relationships and continued education in the industry, our team helps to identify the perfect materials for the space, know where to purchase, and identify the right trade professional to install. We save you time and money by overseeing the entire project and making the process enjoyable.
Many people live or work for years in rooms that don’t say anything about who they are or what they love. We want to change that.
Jean Adams – Interior Designer
Address: 29 E Dakota Ave, Denver, CO 80209
jean@perspectivesinteriordesign.com
We tap into a homeowner’s hopes and desires and bring them to life. We listen. We ask questions. And together, we create something beautiful. Our experience has taught us to work closely with the builder to translate those dreams in the initial concept stage and balance them with the realities of time and budget throughout the entire process. This ensures that everyone stays on the same page and is speaking the same language. Because we all want the same thing in the end—a spectacular result.
Jean earned her interior design degree from Colorado State University, accredited through the Council of Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA) and lauded as one of the best design programs in the United States. Before launching Perspectives in 1986, she worked at Kravet Fabrics in the Denver Design Center, managed the Decorators Walk showroom in the Blake Street Design District, and was an interior designer in new-home sales for Mission Viejo. She shares her love of children as an active Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) for abused and neglected children in Denver County. When she’s not making the world a more beautiful place, she’s skiing moguls and racing sailboats.
Address: 1700 Bassett Street #509, Denver, CO 80202
beth@armijodesigngroup.com
My designs are inspired by a simple guiding principle: You should love your home. Adhering to this principle allows decorating to become an enjoyable and seamless experience, as opposed to an intimidating and stressful undertaking. With each project I make a point to not only honor classical design motifs, but reinvent them in fresh and relevant ways.
For this approach, I was voted San Francisco’s top up-and-coming designer in 2004 and since moving back to my home state of Colorado, my work has been featured in Better Homes and Gardens, 5280 Magazine, and Colorado Homes & Lifestyles.
New Construction, Renovation, and Redecorating Projects • Residential and Commercial Spaces • Contemporary, Traditional, and Eclectic Styles • Kitchen, Bathroom, and Lighting Design • Color Consultation • Architectural Fixture and Finish Selection • Window Treatments, Wall Coverings, and Flooring • Furniture Layout and Specifications • Project Management
Directions from the South