Please select all options.
Shopping for someone else but not sure what to give them? Give them the gift of choice with a Do Gift Voucher.
Gift vouchers are delivered by email and contain instructions to redeem them at checkout. Our gift vouchers have no additional processing fees and can be used over multiple transactions.
BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE AND / OR PLACING AN ORDER, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
The www.do-shop.com website is operated by Do Shop Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (hereinafter referred to as “us” or “we”).
Email: info@do-shop.com
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7833 0642
Registered office: 9 Stratfield Park, Elettra Avenue, Waterlooville, Hants. PO7 7XN, United Kingdom
Company registration number: 5437050
VAT registration number: GB 882 5261 09
EORI number: GB 882 5261 09 000
You are deemed to have placed an order with us by ordering via our online checkout process. As part of our checkout process you will be given the opportunity to check your order and to correct any errors. We will send you an order acknowledgement by email, detailing the products you have ordered. Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the despatch of the products ordered by you, unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled the order in accordance with the instructions below. Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:
- The product you ordered being unavailable from stock
- We do not deliver to your area
- Our inability to obtain authorisation for your payment
- The identification of a pricing or product description error
- You not meeting the eligibility to order criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions
If there are any problems with your order, we will contact you. We reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase by you at any time. We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure but, in the absence of negligence on our part, we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from this website.
The prices payable for products that you order are as set out on our website. The total cost of your order is the price of the products ordered plus delivery charge. Payments for purchases on our website are transacted by Shopify and PayPal, which accept payments from most major credit cards.
VALUE ADDED TAX (VAT)
For customers who choose to see prices in GBP, the prices of all products on our website will include applicable UK VAT at the current rates. For customers who choose to see prices in currencies other than GBP, the prices of all products on our website will be shown excluding UK VAT. For orders with delivery addresses in the UK, UK VAT will be included automatically at the Checkout. Customers from outside the UK (including countries in the European Union) do not need to pay UK VAT. For orders with delivery addresses outside the UK, if UK VAT is included in the prices it will be deducted automatically at the Checkout. Customers from outside the UK (including countries in the European Union) will be liable for paying any applicable local VAT or similar sales taxes. Once the shipment reaches its destination country, the relevant authorities or the shipping company will contact you with further information on such taxes, which must be paid by you before the goods can be delivered.
Each product purchased is sold subject to its product description. We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of products appearing on the website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. Although we aim to keep the website as up to date as possible, the information, including product descriptions, appearing on this website at a particular time may not always reflect the position at the exact moment you place an order.
We make every effort to ensure colours appear as realistic as possible. However, due to the constraints of digital reproduction on different web browsers, we cannot guarantee exact colour depiction. Every care is taken to ensure descriptions and measurements are accurate, however variations may occur. Measurements are approximate and may vary according to the size of the item.
REFUSAL OF TRANSACTION
We reserve the right to withdraw any products from this website at any time and / or remove or edit any materials or content on this website. We may refuse to process a transaction for any reason or refuse service to anyone at any time at our sole discretion. We will not be liable to you or any third party by reason of our withdrawing any product from this website whether or not that product has been sold; removing or editing any materials or content on the website; refusing to process a transaction or unwinding or suspending any transaction after processing has begun. To be eligible to purchase products on this website and lawfully enter into and form contracts on this website under English law you must:
- Register by providing your real name, phone number, email address, payment details and other requested information
- Be over 18 years of age
- Stipulate a valid delivery address. Please note that PO box numbers, hotels and accommodation addresses are not acceptable
- Possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us or have a valid account with PayPal
By making an offer to buy a product, you specifically authorise us to transmit information (including any updated information) or to obtain information about you from third parties from time to time, including but not limited to, your debit or credit card number or credit reports, to authenticate your identity, to validate your credit card, to obtain an initial credit card authorisation and to authorise individual purchase transactions.
You may cancel your contract with us for the goods you order at any time up to 14 days from the day you receive your goods, except orders for custom-made products which cannot be cancelled. To cancel your order you must notify us in writing by email to info@do-shop.com, quoting your name and order reference. If the goods have been despatched then please follow our returns policy as detailed below.
If you have received the goods after you cancel your order then you must send the goods back without unpacking them to us at your own cost and risk. Once you have notified us that you are cancelling your contract, any sum debited from you will be re-credited to your account as soon as possible provided that the goods in question are returned by you and received by us in the condition they were in when sent to you.
We will deliver your order to the delivery address given at the time you place your order. Delivery will be made as soon as possible after your order is accepted. You will become the owner of the goods you ordered when they have been despatched and full payment has been received.
Delivery charges for most products are based on the size and weight of the products ordered and the delivery address. The UK delivery charges for some products are based on the order value of those products, including free delivery for orders above certain values. You can check these charges at the Shopping Cart or Checkout. Please note that delivery charges for furniture, lighting and other large items can be significantly higher than for smaller items. If you have any issues with delivery charges please contact us and we will work out the best quote for you.
Deliveries outside the UK may be subject to import duties and taxes (including any applicable local VAT or similar sales taxes), which are outside our control. Once the shipment reaches its destination country, the relevant authorities or the shipping company will contact you with further information on such charges, which must be paid by you before the goods can be delivered.
DELIVERY OF SMALLER ITEMS
Smaller items may be shipped directly from their suppliers or from our premises. To ensure we provide the best service to you, we use different couriers depending on the size of the item and the shipping destination. We will provide you with the tracking details for your delivery as soon as it is available. If you have any issues with your delivery please contact the courier company directly or get in touch with us. Please note this delivery service is non-timed and kerb-side only.
DELIVERY OF FURNITURE AND OTHER LARGE ITEMS
Furniture and other large items may be shipped directly from their suppliers or from our premises. These items will be delivered by a courier or by a specialist shipping company, depending on the size of the item and the shipping destination. Please note this delivery service is non-timed and kerb-side only.
If you require an enhanced delivery service (timed delivery, delivery to room of choice, product assembly, removal of packaging and old items of furniture etc), please let us know at the time of your order and we will arrange such service for you at an extra charge.
Please note that you are responsible for ensuring the products you ordered can be delivered safely and reasonably to your property. This means that, amongst other things, you must ensure doors, corridors and other passageways are sufficiently clear and spacious for the delivery of the products you ordered. If you have any questions regarding product size or have doubts about access, please let us know at the time of your order. If access issues are identified before the delivery we can organise specialist services (such as removal of doors and windows, hiring specialist lifting equipment etc) at an extra charge. If the delivery has to be aborted because it cannot be executed reasonably and safely, your order will be cancelled with 50% of the product cost (excluding delivery charges) refunded to you.
DELIVERY OF MULTIPLE ITEMS
If your order includes more than one item, we may choose to wait until all items are available before despatching them together or ship them separately to you as they become available, depending on the delivery lead times of the different items, where they come from and the delivery address. In such cases we will let you know how your items will be delivered when we confirm your order.
Delivery times provided by us are non-binding estimates only, based upon the best available information available at the time the estimates are made. Estimated delivery times will be considered as accepted by you unless disagreement is notified to us in writing within seven days of order placement. Special delivery conditions requested by you should be given in writing at the time of order placement and will be considered by us and if necessary conditions and charges may change accordingly.
DAMAGED GOODS AND / OR INCOMPLETE DELIVERIES
If the products we delivered are not what you ordered, are damaged or defective, or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity, we ask you to examine the products as soon as possible after delivery and if possible you to notify us of the problem in writing by email to info@do-shop.com, quoting your name and order reference, within three working days. Depending on the circumstances, we may then ask you to return the products in question to us. Products may sometimes be damaged during transit. If the packaging looks damaged do not sign for the delivery without checking the product. If the product is damaged you may refuse to accept it. Alternatively you can sign for the delivery but write clearly on the slip that the products have not been checked.
If you notify a problem to us under this condition, our obligation will be, at your option:
- To make good any shortage or non-delivery
- To replace or repair any goods that are damaged or defective
- To refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question
Products that have been made to order cannot be returned. If such products are received damaged or defective then replacements will be manufactured and delivered as replacement as soon as possible. For standard products which have not been made to order you may return them within 14 days of delivery to an address specified by us. However we are not responsible for any item that is not returned in the manner set forth below. The product you return must be in new, unused, condition with all the original packaging and product tags still attached.
New and unused means that there are no marks on the item or any wear on the tags. We will not accept any item with any indication that it was used. In such cases, the item will be returned to you. All correctly returned products will be credited to the original purchaser’s account. If returning by post the parcel and its contents are your responsibility until they reach us. The cost of returning the goods is at your expense. This does not affect your statutory rights. We recommend using registered post and retaining the proof of postage as we may require signed proof of delivery. We are not responsible for returned goods being lost or damaged in transit.
We respect your privacy rights and recognises the importance of protecting the information we collect about you. Therefore we have adopted a Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information that you provide us with. This policy applies only to websites maintained by us and not to websites maintained by other companies or organisations to which we provide links to.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We only collect personal information from our online visitors on a voluntary basis and only during registration or placing an order. Visitors purchasing goods and services online will need to provide a valid credit or debit card number and expiration date, in addition to their name, mailing address, telephone number (your telephone number may be given to our carrier), and email address. These details allow us to process your order and to let you know the status of your order.
HOW THIS INFORMATION MAY BE USED
When you register with us, you will be asked to provide personally identifiable information. The information you provide allows us to alert you to new products, services, special offers / promotions, news and events. We will not share your information with parties outside our organisation (except to the extent required by law, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority.)
If at any point you wish to have your name removed from our database, you can inform us by email at info@do-shop.com.
SAFEGUARDING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only collect personally identifiable information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you have provided us with. By using this website, you signify your consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of these changes.
The contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us.
These Terms and Conditions, together with our current website prices, delivery details, contact details and Privacy Policy, set out the whole of our agreement relating to the supply of the goods to you by us.
Nothing said by any sales person on our behalf should be understood as a variation of these Terms and Conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any goods offered for sale by us. We accept responsibility under these Terms and Conditions for its commitment to you.
Skip to main content
Customers Outside the UK: we will not charge you UK VAT
United Kingdom (GBP£)
Åland Islands (EUR€)
Antigua & Barbuda (XCD$)
Ascension Island (SHP£)
Bosnia & Herzegovina (BAMКМ)
British Indian Ocean Territory (USD$)
British Virgin Islands (USD$)
Burkina Faso (XOFFr)
Caribbean Netherlands (USD$)
Cayman Islands (KYD$)
Central African Republic (XAFCFA)
Christmas Island (AUD$)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (AUD$)
Congo - Brazzaville (XAFCFA)
Congo - Kinshasa (CDFFr)
Côte d’Ivoire (XOFFr)
Dominican Republic (DOP$)
Equatorial Guinea (XAFCFA)
Falkland Islands (FKP£)
Faroe Islands (DKKkr.)
French Guiana (EUR€)
French Polynesia (XPFFr)
French Southern Territories (EUR€)
Guinea-Bissau (XOFFr)
Hong Kong SAR (HKD$)
Liechtenstein (CHFCHF)
Myanmar (Burma) (MMKK)
New Caledonia (XPFFr)
Norfolk Island (AUD$)
North Macedonia (MKDден)
Palestinian Territories (ILS₪)
Papua New Guinea (PGKK)
Pitcairn Islands (NZD$)
São Tomé & Príncipe (STDDb)
Saudi Arabia (SARر.س)
Sierra Leone (SLLLe)
Solomon Islands (SBD$)
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands (GBP£)
St. Barthélemy (EUR€)
St. Kitts & Nevis (XCD$)
St. Pierre & Miquelon (EUR€)
St. Vincent & Grenadines (XCD$)
Svalbard & Jan Mayen (GBP£)
Switzerland (CHFCHF)
Trinidad & Tobago (TTD$)
Tristan da Cunha (GBP£)
Turks & Caicos Islands (USD$)
U.S. Outlying Islands (USD$)
United Arab Emirates (AEDد.إ)
United States (USD$)
Uzbekistan (UZSso'm)
Wallis & Futuna (XPFFr)
Western Sahara (MADد.م.)
Bosnia & Herzegovina
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Caribbean Netherlands
Central African Republic
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
French Southern Territories
Palestinian Territories
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands
St. Pierre & Miquelon
St. Vincent & Grenadines
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
Turks & Caicos Islands
U.S. Outlying Islands
United Arab Emirates
Bar & Counter Tables
Bathroom Accessories
Decorative Accessories
Personal Accessories
Search for anything in our shop.
The customer service was incredible. The polite and enthusiastic email exchanges were so refreshing, particularly in this virtual world. I cannot express how pleased I was with the company, the customer service, the furniture, and the personal touch. Five stars are not enough!
Fabulous shopping experience. Amazing product, this is for our new store we are opening in Angus, Scotland. Immediate despatch, updates constantly and very fast delivery. So much so I am just going to place my second order.
Fantastic level of service from the lovely Luca and his team. They go out of their way to help and are fast efficient and organised. I am thrilled with the quality of my elegant bar stools and can’t recommend them highly enough. Apologies for gushing but they really are great!
Andrew and the team were terrific in ordering and supplying the designer lights we needed! In times of covid it’s rare to find a team eager to please, meet the customers deadline and keep you up to date with the order status.
Great service from start to finish. Outstanding communication and delivery service, not to mention the product - 4 one of a kind ocean blue bar stools. We are so delighted!
Subscribe to our newsletter
Sign up to our newsletter for the latest on product launches, sales and design news and receive 10% off your first order.
Bar & Counter Stools (3)
Chairs With Arms (2)
Chairs Without Arms (7)
Chests of Drawers (3)
Floor Standing Shelves (7)
Occasional Tables (3)
Ottomans & Poufs (2)
Suspension Lights (10)
MDF & Fibre Board (57)
Atelier Polyhedre (1)
Catellani & Smith (5)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (4)
Scarlet Splendour (12)
Utu soulful lighting (4)
Marshall Counter or Bar Stool
Diner Chair With Armrests
Diner Chair Without Armrests
Cabas Armchair and Sofa
On The Rocks Console
On The Rocks Side Table
Slide Bar or Counter Chair
Bridge Desk - With or Without Pedestal Container
Vertiko Loop Coffee Table
Vertiko Dice Side Table
Vertiko Shoes Wall Cabinet
Lakelet Occasional Tables
Luci d’Oro Malagola Suspension Light
Luci d’Oro Gold Moon Wall Light
Pota! Pendant Lamp with Anvil and Plug
Bakku Vase - Big - Smoked Forest
Chairs With Arms (92)
Chairs Without Arms (154)
MDF & Fibre Board (8)
Paper & Cardboard (2)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (11)
Scarlet Splendour (7)
Superchair - Superfurniture Collection
Mambo Unlimited Ideas
Thibault Dining Chair with Linen Webbing Straps Seat
De-dimension Gadget C Small Chair
Oblique Chair - With Armrests
Oblique Chair - Without Armrests
Base Chair - With Armrests
Base Chair - Without Armrests
Bolster Chair - With Armrests
Bolster Chair - Without Armrests
Ode Chair - With Armrests
Ode Chair - Without Armrests
Co Chair - With Armrests
Co Chair - Without Armrests
William Gray Hugo Slim Dining Chair
William Gray Hugo Dining Chair
Brightliner Sloane Dining Chair
Brightliner Boyd Dining Chair
Cassette Chair - Fully Upholstered
Moca Chair - Fully Upholstered
Furniture Collections (2)
Three Seater Sofas (19)
Two Seater Sofas (33)
MDF & Fibre Board (6)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (7)
Scarlet Splendour (10)
Meander Modular Sofa
Comfy Sofa - 3 Sizes
Mambo Modular Sofa and Armchair
Flo Modular Sofa, Armchair and Ottoman
Tasca Modular Sofa, Armchair and Ottoman
Qi Collection - Sofa - Three Seater
Qi Collection - Sofa - Two Seater
Qi Collection - Sofa - One Seater
Mr.B Two Seater Chair
Soleil Sofa and Armchair Collection
Brightliner Alva Sofa
Chairs With Arms (21)
Chairs Without Arms (4)
Furniture Collections (1)
MDF & Fibre Board (9)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (13)
Scarlet Splendour (14)
Superloungechair - Superfurniture Collection
Ode Armchair - With Armrests
Ode Armchair - Without Armrests
Cindy Chair With or Without Armrests
William Gray Teddy Lounge Chair
William Gray Teddy Fold Lounge Chair
William Gray Hugo Armchair
Brightliner Sloane Armchair
Brightliner Alva Club Chair
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (2)
Scarlet Splendour (2)
Exchange Chair Two Seater
Vanilla Noir Easy Street Bench
Forest Bench - Forest Collection
Freja Bench Paper Cord Seat
Freja Bench Leather Stripe Seat
Big Foot Bench Sheepskin
Marlon Daybed 1 - With Backrest
Marlon Daybed 2 - Without Backrest
Freja Bench Leather Seat
Big Foot Bench - Petit
Henk Dining Bench - Rectangular - Natural Oak
Henk Dining Bench - Rectangular -Stained Oak
Henk Dining Bench - Rectangular - Natural Walnut
Henk Dining Bench - Rectangular - HPL Fenix Laminate
Henk Dining Bench - Flat Oval - Natural Oak
Henk Dining Bench - Flat Oval - Stained Oak
Henk Dining Bench - Flat Oval - Natural Walnut
Henk Dining Bench - Flat Oval - HPL Fenix Laminate
Snoop Bench - Same Wood Combination for Bench and Beam
Snoop Bench - Oak Bench and Walnut Beam
Snoop Bench - Walnut Bench and Oak Beam
Ripples Bench - Indoor
Bar & Counter Stools (104)
Chairs With Arms (1)
Chairs Without Arms (1)
Ottomans & Poufs (24)
MDF & Fibre Board (11)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (14)
Scarlet Splendour (9)
Superstool - Superfurniture Collection
Hexagon Side Table or Stool - Stone or Wood
Sculpt Stool Fabric - Boucle Off White (CPH 900)
De-dimension 45 Table Stool
De-dimension Gadget B Small Table Stool
De-dimension A Table Stool
Camelia Bar and Counter Chair
Aimi Bar and Counter Chair
Snoop Stool - Walnut Stool and Oak Beam
Snoop Stool - Oak Stool and Walnut Beam
Snoop Stool - Same Wood Combination for Stool and Beam
Magna Graecia Testa Di Moro Stool - Woman
Magna Graecia Testa Di Moro Stool - Man
VNA Bar or Counter Stool
Mr.B Swivel Bar Chair
Zum Bar or Counter Stool
Mater Cube Side Table or Stool
William Gray Teddy Fold Ottoman
William Gray Hugo Counter Stool
William Gray Hugo Bar Stool
Brightliner Boyd Counter Stool SH610
Brightliner Boyd Bar Stool SH760
Hygge Stool - Outdoor
Moca Bar and Counter Chair - Fully Upholstered
Cassette Bar Chair - Fully Upholstered
Riviera Counter and Bar Chair
Choux Counter and Bar Chair
Big Foot Stool - Bouclé
Ottomans & Poufs (64)
Two Seater Sofas (1)
MDF & Fibre Board (3)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (5)
Scarlet Splendour (3)
Qi Collection - Ottoman
Brightliner Alva Ottoman
Riviera Modular Couch - One, Two or Three Seater and Pouf
Funda Bold Armchair and Ottoman
Atelier Modular Sofa - Leg
Atelier Modular Sofa - Skirt
Roses - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Spaghetti - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Snakes - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Pois - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Red - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Clouds - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Pink - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Black - Backrest - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Roses - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Spaghetti - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Snakes - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Shit - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Revolver - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Sea Girl - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Pink Lipstick - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Black - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Black Lipstick - Pouf - Seletti Wears Toiletpaper
Eyja Ottoman (Hygge)
Puppy Pouf - Forest Collection
Sweet Lounge Chair and Ottoman
Taba Armchair, Sofa, Ottoman and Seating System
Marshall Tabouret - Ottoman
Furniture Collections (8)
Occasional Tables (64)
Marble & Stone (103)
MDF & Fibre Board (75)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (16)
Scarlet Splendour (17)
Lido Side Table - Low
Lido Side Table - High
Rondò Coffee and Side Tables
Palafitte Coffee and Side Tables
Carabottino Tall Coffee and Side Table
Carabottino Low Centre Table
Supercoffeetable - Superfurniture Collection
Supersidetable - Superfurniture Collection
Duplex Center and Side Table
On The Rocks Centre Table
Pillar Nightstand or Side Table
Nook Nightstand or Side Table
Bold Side Table 100x100
Bold Side Table 35x62
Bifronte Side Table - Ripples and Bifronte Collection
Bilbao Occasional Table
Mezzanino Coffee Table and TV Bench
Olo Occasional Table
Dune Coffee and Side Table
Podium Maxi - Lime Stone
Phantom Occasional Table - Chrome
Phantom Occasional Table - Burn Antique
Mangiafuoco Side Table
Furniture Collections (6)
Occasional Tables (2)
MDF & Fibre Board (36)
Mambo Unlimited Ideas (9)
Partitina 0-6 - Gae - Ping Pong / Dining / Work Table
Partitina 0-2 - Ping Pong / Dining / Work Table
Partitina 0-1 - Ping Pong / Dining / Work Table
Superloungetable - Superfurniture Collection
Supersquaretable - Superfurniture Collection
Bold Modular Conference Table
Elephante Rectangular Table
Elephante Round Table
Shape Dining Table - Oval
Shape Dining Table - Round
Snoop Dining Table - Walnut Table and Oak Beam
Snoop Dining Table - Oak Table and Walnut Beam
Snoop Dining Table - Same Wood Combination for Table and Beam
Radiata Dining Table
Nouvelle Vague Dining Table
Henk Dining Table - Round - HPL Fenix Laminate
Henk Dining Table - Round - Natural Walnut
Henk Dining Table - Round - Stained Oak
Henk Dining Table - Round - Natural Oak
Henk Dining Table - Paper - HPL Fenix Laminate
Henk Dining Table - Paper - Natural Walnut
Henk Dining Table - Paper - Stained Oak
Henk Dining Table - Paper - Natural Oak
Henk Dining Table - Blob - HPL Fenix Laminate
Henk Dining Table - Blob - Stained Oak
Henk Dining Table - Blob - Natural Walnut
Henk Dining Table - Blob - Natural Oak
Henk Dining Table - Oval - HPL Fenix Laminate
Henk Dining Table - Oval - Stained Oak
Henk Dining Table - Oval - Natural Walnut
Henk Dining Table - Oval - Natural Oak
Henk Dining Table - Flat Oval - HPL Fenix Laminate
Henk Dining Table - Flat Oval - Natural Walnut
Henk Dining Table - Flat Oval - Stained Oak
Henk Dining Table - Flat Oval - Natural Oak
Henk Dining Table - Rectangular - HPL Fenix Laminate
Furniture Collections (9)
Occasional Tables (43)
Totem Side Table - Ceramic - Outdoor
Scissors Coffee Table
Butterfly Coffee Table
Alder Lounge Table - Square
Alder Lounge Table - Oval
Lyrical Small Side Table
Lyrical Big Side Table
Lyrical High Side Table
Taiko Side Table C645
Blink Café Table - Wood Top
MDF & Fibre Board (16)
Scarlet Splendour (5)
Glam Desk or Console Table
Capucine Writing Table - Land Of Legends
Conscious Table 5462
Ottanta Dining Table
Boulevard Diamond Desk
Flai Home Office - High
Flai Home Office - Low
Dark Angel Secretaire Study Table
Vanilla Noir Paris Bureau
Vanilla Noir The General Study Table
Vanilla Noir Oro The General Study Table
Mandarin Dining Table W2400
Rén Conference Table
Occasional Tables (1)
Suspension Lights (1)
MDF & Fibre Board (21)
Lido Console With Top Shelf Extension
Vivian Vanity Cabinet and Console
Milla Basso - Low Cabinet
Milla Alto - High Cabinet
Carabottino Cabinet and Console
Pipelines Console Table
Newton Heritage Collection
Curtain Console Table
Vespertine Vinyl Sideboard
Ego Screen or Console
Haku Console with Mirror
Nouvelle Vague Console
Sisters Console Table
Kaizen Credenza Blue - Kaizen Collection
MDF & Fibre Board (4)
Casablanca Vanity Table - Vanilla Noir and Gold Reserve Collections
Vanity Table and Pouf - Tocador
Vanilla Noir Woman In Paris Vanity Table
Vanilla Noir Oro Woman In Paris Vanity Table
Kingston Dressing Table
Boca Do Lobo Other Collections
Floor Standing Shelves (62)
MDF & Fibre Board (31)
Lido Bookcase - W 150 cm
Lido Bookcase - W 110 cm
Lido Bookcase - W 75 cm
Lido Small Bookcase - W 45 cm
Supertower - Superfurniture Collection
Supershelf - Superfurniture Collection
Sendai Crystal Bookshelf
93-08 Modular Shelving System
Sinapsi Wall Mounted Shelf
Partout Wall Shelves
Judd Floor Shelves - Base
Cellula Wall Shelves - Wood
Cellula Wall Shelves - Metal
Babylon Floor Shelves
Adelaide Floor Shelves - Metal
Adelaide Floor Shelves - Wood
Metrica Shelving System
Metrica Wine - Self Standing Wine Rack
Metrica Tower - Self Standing Bookshelf
La Dori Cabinet - H 204 cm
Dice Concrete and Wood Storage Collection
Galeb Corner Storage System
Peristylo Floor Shelves
Haku Self Standing Storage
Cricket Hanger with Mirror
Dice Storage Module Combinations
Secret Cubic Shelves
Vertiko Wide Shelves
Vertiko Modular Shelves
Chests of Drawers (8)
Floor Standing Shelves (3)
Furniture Collections (7)
MDF & Fibre Board (87)
Scarlet Splendour (42)
Arcate Bedside Table
Arcate Chest Of Drawers
Supersliding - Superfurniture Collection
Supercabinet - Superfurniture Collection
Supercloset - Superfurniture Collection
OrdinaryDay - In A Wooden Factory
Fractal Low Sideboard and TV Bench
Drippity Cabinet - Drippity Collection
Maestro Kitchen Island - Made To Order
Radiance Coral Credenza - Made To Order
Maestro Cabinet - Made To Order
Grand Armoire - Signature Collection
La Dori Cabinet - H 122 cm
La Dori Cabinet - H 83 cm
And Chest of Drawers and Dresser
Bridges Cabinet - Large
Bridges Cabinet - Medium
Bridges Cabinet - Small
Repeta 04 High Cupboard
Pixel II Cabinet Collection