Handmade solid Oak bench. Beautifully simple with a gently curved seat, softened edges and tapered legs.
W86cm x D30cm x H47cm
Also available as a stool.
Regular priceSale price
FURNITURE DELIVERY TIMES: For items made to order our lead time is 6 - 12 weeks.
Items marked 'In stock for quicker delivery' are usually delivered within 2 - 6 weeks. We will contact you to confirm the details of your order, including colour and finish, and discuss delivery dates.
HOMEWARES AND GIFTS: All items in our Homewares and Gifts Collection are in stock and will be delivered within 3-7 days.
If for any reason there is a delay in sending these items out we will contact you to let you know.
designed for today, built to last
Designed for today, built to last
Get inspired by our latest collections of beautiful dining and bedroom furniture.
Keep up to date with our latest designs, as well as sales and offers.
Items in our Ready Made collection or marked 'In stock for quicker delivery' are usually delivered within 2 - 6 weeks. We will contact you to confirm the details of your order, including colour and finish, and discuss delivery dates.
Expand submenu Products
Collapse submenu Products
Dining Chairs and Benches
Traditional Furniture
Lamps, Shades and Candles
Expand submenu About
Collapse submenu About
Hetton Oak Dining Table
Ramsgill Dining Table
Ramsgill Upholstered Bench
Middleham Farmhouse Dining Table
Burnsall Walnut Dining Table
Burnsall Oak Dining Table
Pateley Dining Table
Pateley Walnut Dining Table
Canterbury Hooped Dining Table
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
Middleham Dining Table with Painted Legs
Clifford Dining Table
Knightsbridge Tub Chair
Berkeley Buttoned Dining Chair
Berkeley Dining Chair in Walnut
Berkeley Dining Chair in Oak
Burnsall Stickback Chair
Linton Fully Upholstered Side Chair
Ramsgill Sideboard in Oak
Arncliffe Bookcase with Cupboard
Arncliffe Drinks/Storage Cabinet
Arncliffe Four Drawer Chest
Aeris Occasional Table
POP Twelve Drawer Chest
POP Cube Shelves - Teal/Peach
Ramsgill Drinks/Storage Cabinet
Ramsgill Sideboard in Walnut
Ramsgill Storage Unit in Mocha
Linton Tapered Side Table
Linton Low Media Unit with Cut Out Handles
Hetton Tripod Occasional Table
Hetton Bamboo Style Occasional Table
Arncliffe Dazzle Occasional Table
POP Pairs Occasional Table - Circle
POP Pairs Occasional Table
Arncliffe Occasional Table
Pop Occasional Table
Linton Occasional Table
Linton Side Table with Potboard
Knightsbridge Lamp Table
Canterbury Corner TV Table
Canterbury Media Storage Unit
Knightsbridge Berkeley Console Table
Knightsbridge Console Table
Linton Open Bookcase
Clifford Pedestal Desk
Linton Bookcase with Two Doors
Hetton Upholstered Spindle Bed
Hetton Straight Rail Spindle Bed
Hetton Curved Spindle Bed
Hetton Bedside Cabinet
Lyon Deep Curved Panel Sleigh Bed
Balmoral Bespoke Carved Four Poster Bed
Balmoral 2 Door Gents Wardrobe
Balmoral 3 Door Gents Wardrobe
Balmoral Blanket Box
Balmoral Drinks Cabinet
Balmoral Five Drawer Chest
Balmoral Library Bookcase
Balmoral Magazine Table
Balmoral Nest of Tables
Balmoral Norfolk Dresser
Balmoral Open Bookcase
Balmoral Serving Table
Tapered Standard Lamp Base (Collection Only)
Bamboo Style Oak Standard Lamp Base (Collection Only)
Shapes Standard Lamp Base (Collection Only)
Arncliffe Standard Lamp Base (Collection Only)
Slim Turned Standard Lamp Base (Collection Only)
Rustic Standard Lamp Base (Collection Only)
Tapered English Oak Lamp Base
Geometric Oak Lamp Base
Rustic Table Lamp Base
Traditional Turned Lamp Base
Walnut and Maple Lamp Base
Large Lampshade - several designs available
Royal Oak Gift Card Voucher
English Oak Cylindrical Lamp Base
Small Lampshade - several designs available
Walnut Chopping Board
Large Chopping Board
Butchers Block Chopping Board - Maple and Walnut
Butchers Block Chopping Board
All our furniture is available in a choice of standard colours and finishes, we recommend viewing our colours and finishes in person before ordering. Samples are available to order online and should be delivered within 3 - 4 days.
Samples are free of charge, however there is a minimum delivery charge of £3.75 which covers the cost of up to 4 samples.
We are also able to polish your furniture to your own specifications, or to match your existing furniture. Please contact us for further information.
At Royal Oak Furniture all our items are designed and made from scratch by skilled craftsmen in our workshops in the Yorkshire Dales.
Producing an item to your own specifications, be it a tweak to one of our existing designs, or a complete new design, is no problem at all.
Simply contact us with your requirements and we will produce designs and detailed drawings to suit your needs.
Here are just a few examples of bespoke items made in our workshop
Full Tester Four Poster Bed with personalised carved panels
Middleham Table with painted legs
Meeting Table for Prime Ministers Downing Street Apartment
Oak and Resin Console Table
Storage Unit in Oak and Burr Oak
Jacobean Four Poster for a recently restored listed Jacobean Hall
Fourteen Seater Hand Carved Table with Leather Studded Chairs for a client in Japan
Folding Table with Adjustable Height
Solid Walnut Console and Occasional Table
Walnut and Burr Oak Console
Walnut and Burr Oak Occasional Table
Oak Dining Table with Bespoke Carving
....visit our social media pages for more
Royal Oak have been hand crafting traditional and contemporary furniture in the Yorkshire Dales for over 40 years and produce some of the finest furniture to be found. We welcome visitors to our showroom in Grassington, or you can contact us on 01756 753378 or sales@royaloakfurniture.co.uk
Our Craftsmen continue the centuries old tradition of choosing, understanding and fashioning timber to produce truly unique pieces of furniture which celebrate the beauty of wood. Only the best quality oak is used, originating from environmentally managed woodlands where sustainability is a prime concern.
We combine traditional skills and methods including mortice and tenon joints, dovetailed drawers, slot screwed drawer bottoms and floating panels in doors with modern machinery such as CNC Routers and speed sanders to produce our furniture.
As well as oak, which comes in a variety of colours and finishes, from natural clean oak to rich, deep and characterful Jacobean hand-planed oak, we use a variety of hardwoods including walnut, ash and maple.
Every item of our furniture is designed and made individually in our Dales based workshop so if you require something made to your own personal specifications we are more than happy to meet your requirements.
For further information please visit our showrooms, or contact us on 01756 753378 or sales@royaloakfurniture.co.uk