Like many other global businesses, we have been impacted by COVID-19. Our team is working hard to continue operations while doing everything we can to slow the spread of the virus - and support our weavers and their families.
All domestic orders are being shipped from our U.S. warehouse in St. Louis, MO. If you have further questions, please take a look at our FAQ page. If you have any further questions or concerns, contact us.
We’ve created a full line of hammocks and hanging chairs to help make your dreams of blissful relaxation come true. We offer a variety of hammock sizes/silhouettes and stunning color combinations to meet your hammocking needs.
Our most popular style, the
, comes in two sizes: Classic (1-2 ppl, 400 lb cap.) and Family (1-3+ ppl, 550 lb cap.). Each Signature Hammock is made with 100% weather-safe Performance Yarn™ that’s strong, durable, and ultrasoft on your skin. You can leave it out all summer without worrying about it fading in the sun! The Signature Hammock is easy to hang on our
adjustable Hammock Stand
or using our “no knots required”
is one of our most versatile products. It’s designed for a solo hammocker (330 lb cap.) and can either be used like a chair (sitting up) or like a full-body hammock (kicking your feet up to lay all the way back). The Hanging Chair Hammock lets you fit a whole-body relaxation experience into a compact space. It pairs well with our luxe
portable VISTA™ stand
. The Chair Hammock is also made with weather-safe Performance Yarn™ that stays soft and vibrant outdoors.
(400 lb cap.) combines the softness of your favorite T-shirt with a classic rugged vibe. Cotton is a natural fiber, so this hammock doesn’t have the outdoor durability of our Performance Yarn™ —it does best indoors or when stored between uses.
All of our hammocks are 100% handwoven using our proprietary Weightless Weave™. We’re committed to making sure they are easy to hang (each hammock comes with a “Hammocking 101” Guidebook) so you can start relaxing as soon as possible. And if you ever have any questions, our Hammock Concierge is here to help! If you’re still stuck figuring out which hammock is right for you, try our
trusty hammock finder
quiz. In less than two minutes, our hammock genie will find your perfect match!
We’re truly dedicated to making the best hammocks in the world (while making the world a better place!).
Each of our hammocks and hanging chairs is 100% woven by hand using our specially designed Weightless Weave™ to cradle you in cloudlike comfort. This free-flowing weave contours to your body to ensure a perfect hang every time you get in your hammock. We’ve also engineered our hammocks to be especially stable so you can nap securely (no wobbling or flipping in these beauties!).
We want you to be able to enjoy your hammock stress-free, so we’ve focused on the convenience that matters. We sourced our special hammock Performance Yarn™ to ensure you can leave your hammock out all summer long (rain or shine), and it will still look & feel incredible. We’ve invented new hanging solutions to make installation a breeze. With our “Go Anywhere” Hanging Straps, adjustable Hammock Stand, portable VISTA™ Hammock Chair + Stand, and even our luxury Hammock Throne you’ll be hanging with style and ease.
It’s truly important to us that you actually *use* your hammock! We want you to experience the incredible stress relief of spending just a few minutes a day enjoying weightless comfort. That’s why our Hammock Concierge is always here to answer any questions and help you relax in your hammock or hanging chair.
And just to make your hammock experience extra special, each of our hammocks has a label signed by the weaver who made it! You get to connect directly with the positive impact that your hammock has on the artisan who created it. In a Yellow Leaf Hammock, your naps are truly life-changing!
The weight capacity of our hammocks ranges from 330 lbs to 550 lbs (150 kg to 250 kg).
• Our portable VISTA™ Hammock Chair + Stand supports up to 330 lbs.
• Our luxe Hammock Throne™ supports up to 330 lbs.
• Our adjustable Hammock Stand supports up to 550 lbs.
• Our “no knots required” Hammock Straps support up to 550 lbs.
Our Signature Hammocks expand to share without squishing, so you can share the hammock love! Also, our Hanging Chair Hammock can extend to accommodate people up to 7 feet tall
Weight capacity should not be a stressor when it comes to relaxation! Our roomy hammocks can support most people's relaxation needs. You can find more details on
our hammocks’ specific weight capacities here.
Our hammocks and hammock stands are suitable for indoor and outdoor use.
(available in Classic and Family sizes) are made with weather-safe Performance Yarn™ that’s designed to be left out all summer. They are ultrasoft on your skin but super durable for the outdoor elements. Our hammock yarn is UV-resistant, so the gorgeous colors will not fade in the sun. It is also quick-dry, so your hammock will withstand rain and humidity (even in seaside climates).
are made using 100% cotton. As a natural fiber, cotton isn’t meant to be left out in the elements. We suggest safely storing your Cotton Rope Hammock when it’s not in use (or hanging it indoors!).
With our selection of hammock hanging solutions, you can bring that vacation vibe wherever you desire. Our adjustable Hammock Stand or VISTA™ Portable Hammock + Stand is perfect for hanging outside under your favorite tree or on the patio. They are easy to assemble and lightweight enough to move. If you’ve got the ideal trees, try our “Go Anywhere” Hammock Straps for easy breezy hanging.
our famous hammock chair
is also perfect for indoor or outdoor use. The wood is coated with marine-grade sealant, and the metal components are Akzonobel powder-coated for supreme longevity.
Every Yellow Leaf Hammock & Hanging Chair is 100% handcrafted with your ultimate relaxation in mind. There’s a reason we’re known for our “ridiculously comfy” hammocks! Our proprietary Weightless Weave™ will astound you with full-body cloudlike comfort.
(available in Classic and Family sizes) are shockingly soft and expand to cradle you perfectly every single time you kick back. These roomy hammocks are made for squish-free sharing.
Hanging Chair Hammock
is known for cradling your neck, shoulders, and back in the perfect weightless embrace. You can choose between sitting up (like a chair) or laying back (for a full-body hammock experience).
is as soft as your favorite old T-shirt. You can snuggle up for hours without worrying about waffle imprints or rope burns. If you're looking for best rope hammock, our Cotton Rope Hammock is an excellent choice.
We use FSC-certified wood sourced from sustainably grown and harvested Appalachian Maple trees. The US Forest Service rates ours as one of the most sustainable forestry programs in the world!
Our carefully curated maple wood, selected for its beautiful grain and strong timber, is precision-milled to gently craft The Throne's iconic seamless curves.
Head-to-toe relaxation nestled in the softest yarn ever
Each Yellow Leaf Chair Hammock is meticulously woven by hand, with more than 100,000 interwoven loops and over two miles of yarn. Our signature "ridiculously comfy" weaves are so intricate, they can’t be replicated by a machine.
It’s truly important to us that you actually *use* and enjoy your hammock! To make it easier for you to relax, we’re dedicated to inventing the best hammock stands and hanging solutions in the world.
Each of our hammock stands is impeccably crafted with premium materials, built to be super strong, made with durable finishes for the outdoors, and designed to be easy to assemble! Whether you choose to hang in our “Go Anywhere” Hanging Straps, adjustable Hammock Stand, VISTA™ portable hammock + stand, or luxury Hammock Throne, you’ll be relaxing with style and ease in no time.
Our “Go Anywhere” Hanging Straps are the most versatile hanging solution. These hammock straps are compatible with all Yellow Leaf hammocks and work well in almost any hanging scenario. They are each 12’ long and easily adjustable, so you can hang your hammock between any two points up to 30+ feet apart. Each hammock strap is designed with pre-made loops so that you don’t need to tie any knots to hang your hammock! They are super strong, with a weight capacity of up to 550 lbs. Our flat hammock straps are also “tree-friendly” and do not cut into the bark like a regular rope.
Our adjustable Hammock Stand is our perfect solution for tree-free hammock relaxation. It is easy to assemble (no tools required), so you can get straight to relaxing! The Hammock Stand is compatible with our Signature Hammocks (it works with both Classic and Family sizes). We use an electrophoretic treatment on our steel, ensuring it can withstand harsh outdoor elements all season long and won’t rust like cheap alternatives. Our innovative Gravity Hooks™ eliminate sharp edges and make it a breeze to adjust the tension and find personalized comfort. The Hammock Stand can easily be moved from one location to another within your yard - great for chasing the sun (or shade!).
Our VISTA™ stands out as the world's lightest, most portable hammock stand. The frame is made with jet-grade aluminum, so it is superstrong (supports up to 330 lbs) but featherlight (weighs just 12 lbs). Assembling The VISTA™ is a cinch, with easy plug-and-play components that snap together in under a minute (no tools required). The VISTA™ is built to withstand years of high-traffic use with a durable, weathersafe powder coat finish. And it comes with an easy-to-carry backpack to bring your portable hammock + stand on any adventure!
Our luxury Hammock Throne is the first dedicated “relaxation furniture.” It was designed to be a show-stopping statement piece that looks as good as it feels! The chalice-shaped frame is crafted from sustainably grown Appalachian Maple, and the perfectly round steel base is an anchor of stability. You can customize the finishes of your Hammock Throne to match your decor aesthetic, and every finish we offer is “marine-grade” for supreme longevity and durability. The Hammock Throne has a minimal footprint, so you can hang almost anywhere. One of the best parts? It has an ultra-smooth swivel feature, so you can enjoy 360° views in every direction. Our hammock products, including the Hammock Throne, are some of the great hammocks available in the market.
The best way to hang your hammock depends on where you want to relax. Choose your personal relaxation oasis and follow these simple guidelines!
How Do I Hang My Hammock From Trees?
Our hammocks are a life-changing addition to your backyard or garden. The easiest way to hang your hammock between two trees is by using our versatile Hanging Straps, which are pre-looped and adjustable, so you don’t need to tie any knots. All you need to do is decide where you want to relax!
Our hammocks should be hung with the ends about 10’-11’ apart, and our hanging chairs should be hung with the ends between 3’6”-5’ apart. Attach your hammock to one of the pre-made loops on your hanging straps (sturdy carabiners are included with your set of straps). Finding the perfect hanging distance for your ultimate comfort might take a little trial and error, but you’ll be relaxing in blissful comfort before you know it. You can consult our hammock hanging guide if you need further information.
Your hammock and straps can be brought wherever your journey takes you— whether camping at a National Park or relaxing between palm trees! Each hammock arrives in a reusable Hammock Tote, perfect for storage and travel. Toss your hammock and straps in the trunk and bring them on your next epic adventure.
How Do I Hang My Hammock on a Porch or Balcony?
If you have two secure posts or an overhead beam, you can hang your hammock using our versatile Hanging Straps, which are pre-looped (so you don’t need to tie any knots) and easily adjustable. You’ll simply loop your Hanging Straps around the support and attach them to your hammock using the (included) sturdy aluminum carabiner. You can adjust which pre-made loops you attach your hammock to, so you can easily find your perfect hanging distance.
If you don’t have posts or beams that you can hang your hammock from, you can use one of our free-standing hammock stands. These versatile hanging solutions make it easy to place your hammock wherever you want - and we have compact solutions that can fit on even the tiniest balcony or patio.
Whether you use hanging straps or a hammock stand, adding a hammock to your porch or balcony will create a cozy oasis where you can leave your daily stress behind!
You don’t have to be hanging from a tree (or even be outdoors!) to enjoy that “vacation feeling” in the comfort of your own home. Indoor hammocks are gaining popularity and are an easy way to reduce stress and increase your daily relaxation!
If you want to install a hammock, you’ll need some tools and a little handiness. Once you choose your perfect relaxation nook, you can drill two hooks into the ceiling or walls (making sure you drill into beams/posts that can support your weight). You can use rope or our hanging straps to adjust the length of your hammock to your ideal comfort.
If you want an even easier solution, you can simply hang your hammock from one of our Hammock Stands. The Hammock Throne is designed to make a beautiful statement in your living room, bedroom, or office.
Our ultimate goal is for you to be able to kick back and relax in our incredibly comfortable hammocks anywhere and everywhere! Our versatile hanging solutions are designed to make your hammock experience as easy as possible and customized for your unique comfort. Our detailed hammock hanging guide is available here, and each hammock is delivered with a “Hammocking 101” Guidebook with plenty of hanging tips & tricks. You’ll be a relaxation pro soon!
Our portable hammock stands and straps have a weight capacity of 330 lbs to 550 lbs (150 kg to 250 kg). Our hanging chair stands (The VISTA™ and The Hammock Throne™) are designed to support a single person, but our adjustable Hammock Stand and our Hammock Hanging Straps can comfortably hold 2+ people.
Our roomy hammocks and superstrong hammock stands can support most people's relaxation needs. Our Signature Hammocks expand to share without squishing, so you can share the hammock love! Also, our Hanging Chair Hammock can extend to accommodate people up to 7 feet tall! You can find more details on our hammocks’ specific weight capacities here.
Our hanging straps are compatible with all Yellow Leaf Hammocks and Hanging Chairs, and they should also work with other hammocks. Each strap is 12’ long and includes adjustable pre-made loops, so you can hang almost anywhere and find your perfect comfort. The hanging straps support up to 550 lbs and are double-reinforced for strength and durability.
Our hammock stands are designed to be compatible with Yellow Leaf Hammocks and Hanging Chairs, but if you already have a different brand of hammock, you will need to check the dimensions of our hammock stand to see if it’s a good fit.
Our adjustable Hammock Stand is compatible with Yellow Leaf Signature Hammocks (both the Classic Hammock and Family Hammock sizes). The hammock stand itself measures 3.5'W x 4'H x 8.5'L and, with its space-saving wrap system, supports hammocks that are 10’-11’ long.
Our portable VISTA™ Hammock Chair + Stand can also be purchased “a la carte” without our hanging chair included. The support hooks on The VISTA™ are about 3.5’ apart, and the frame is 4.75’ high.
The Hammock Throne™ comes with a 100% handwoven Yellow Leaf hanging chair. The frame is 3.5’ W x 5.3’H and has a 360° swivel, so it can face in any direction.
Yellow Leaf’s hammock hanging solutions include our adjustable Hammock Stand, The VISTA™ portable hammock + stand, and our luxury Hammock Throne™.
Our adjustable Hammock Stand includes all necessary hardware, and no tools are required to assemble the Hammock Stand. Using the (included) easy-to-follow instructions, you can complete the hassle-free assembly in a few minutes. After it’s assembled, you can easily adjust our exclusive innovative Gravity Hooks™ to find the perfect tension for your unique comfort.
The VISTA™ Stand is designed to be assembled (and disassembled) in less than a minute. The pieces are easy to slide together and click securely into place (no tools or small hardware to lose). After the first couple of times, you won’t even need to reference the (included) simple instructions. When you’re done relaxing, the whole frame breaks down and fits into the nicely organized, easy-to-carry backpack.
Assembling The Hammock Throne™ is also straightforward. This luxury stand includes all the necessary hardware, a hex key, and a wrench - everything you need to assemble your hammock stand! While solo assembly is possible with easy-to-follow instructions, we recommend getting an extra set of hands to help so that you can relax faster!
Our hammock stands are weather-safe, rust-resistant, and designed to live outdoors.
Our Signature Hammocks & Hanging Chairs are 100% handwoven with our specially sourced Performance Yarn™ and are weathersafe and durable. All of these hammocks & hanging chairs are colorfast and UV-resistant, so they won’t fade in the bright sunshine. They are also quick-drying, so you don’t need to worry about your hammock getting mold or mildew from rain/humidity (even in seaside climates). Rain or shine, your Signature Hammock or Hanging Chair can be left outdoors all summer long! Your hammock will stay vibrant, fresh, and beautiful for years of enjoyment.
Our Cotton Rope Hammock is made of 100% cotton, a natural fiber that should not be left out in the elements. We recommend storing it safely when not in use. (Or hang your Cotton Rope Hammock indoors!).
Each hammock and hanging chair is delivered with a “Hammocking 101” Guidebook with detailed care instructions so you’ll feel confident about having the longest-lasting hammock and stand to relax in.
exceptional strength
Simple setups for instant vacations.
Introducing a higher standard in relaxation.
Full-body comfort. Minimal space. 360° swivel.
Shop ThroneLoading...
Yup, the same hammocks that won over the Sharks
Your hammock naps are truly life-changing.
Rest easy knowing that your Yellow Leaf hammock directly empowers artisan moms to build a brighter future.
Our most popular hammock. Uber-soft Performance Yarn is weathersafe + fade-proof. “Triple Weave” construction uses 150,000 loops to cradle you weightlessly. Available in two sizes (Classic Double + Family-Size)
Custom Tote Bag for Travel & Storage
The ultimate hammock chair is a blissful retreat for a solo hammocker. Sit in the chair or kick up your feet for a full body recliner. Perfect for small decks and cozy nooks!
A rugged rope hammock. Each one is hand-dyed and woven of natural cotton.
String this boho hammock up in the backyard, hang it indoors or bring it along on your next adventure!
🎉 Free Hammock Tote with your hammock!
Explore our hammocks
Kick Back, Dad Style: Father's Day Ready Gifts!
Can't decide which hammock to buy?
Shipping and Returns
EVERYDAY STANDARD SHIPPING - (Hammocks Only)
To make it easier for you to relax this year, we are offering discounted standard shipping on all hammocks within the U.S.
Any hammock ordered before 4 p.m. ET should ship out within one business day from our U.S. warehouse. You will get an email notification with a tracking number when that information is available.
Note: Standard shipping usually takes between 4-7 business days, although we know that shipping carriers are a bit overloaded this year. Please allow for patience with the shipping carrier once your order leaves our warehouse (everyone is doing their best!).
Chair Hammocks and international shipments being shipped from our Thailand warehouse will arrive in about 6-10 business days.
PRIORITY & EXPRESS SHIPPING
You can also expedite your hammock order via Priority Shipping ($14.95) to receive it within 3-5 business days or Express Shipping ($55) to receive it in 2-3 Business Days.
Expedited shipping is not available for hammock stands. Orders placed before 4 pm ET (M-F) will be shipped out the same day. Standard U.S. Shipping will take between 7-10 days, unless otherwise specified in the product details.
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
Live outside the US? International Shipping for hammocks costs a flat $40. International orders typically take 5-10 business days to arrive. (Please note that customers are responsible for any applicable duties/customs fees). We can only ship adjustable hammock stands within the U.S. at this time.
For International Hammock Throne freight shipments, the customer is responsible for any applicable tax or duty fees.
Stress-Free Returns + Exchanges
If you aren’t happy, neither are we. We want you to try our hammocks out absolutely risk-free!
Our 30-day stress-free return + exchange policy dates from the day you receive your order. That should give you time to find your perfect hang spot, test out your hammock and get help from our Hammock Concierge to make everything absolutely perfect.
For domestic (U.S.) hammock orders, free return shipping is included. If you're not 100% satisfied with your new hammock for any reason, visit our stress-free returns and exchanges portal. We will provide a free return shipping label and you can simply box it up and send it back.
Free return shipping does not apply to the Hammock Throne™, Vista™, or Hammock Stand due to the size and weight of those packages.
Expedited shipping rates and shipping services are non-refundable for orders that have been fulfilled and delivered.
**Please note that for international orders and for hammock stand orders, the shipping costs for returns/exchanges must be covered by the customer.
If you have any questions about your return status or eligibility please reach out to our Hammock Concierge. To ensure prompt resolution, please reference your Order Number.
Each returned item will be inspected. If upon inspection the items are deemed to have been damaged or altered in any way, your refund or exchange credit may be subject to approval.
Promotions and Special Sales Events
Orders placed during special sales events such as our Mystery Hammock Sales or Holiday Sales are not eligible for Returns for refunds. However, items purchased during these sales events are eligible for Returns for Store credit with an additional $10 credit bonus as well as free exchanges.
Please note that custom hammock orders are final. If you have a question about a custom hammock, please contact our Hammock Concierge and we will gladly discuss the details of your request!
Relaxation Guarantee
Quality + Craftsmanship are our highest priority. Always have been, always will be.
Our policies are built to reflect the very nature of our products—supportive + stress-free! We value your business and your trust. In every case, we want to ensure that you are completely satisfied with every Yellow Leaf Hammocks product.
If you are having any trouble with a purchase from us, please reach out directly to concierge@yellowleafhammocks.com.
We always guarantee our hammocks to be free of defect in material and construction for a full year from the date of purchase. If a hammock is found to be defective within that time, Yellow Leaf Hammocks will gladly replace it, repair it or send the appropriate replacement parts at no cost to you.
With proper use, your hammock should serve you for years to come!
Please note that normal wear + tear, damage from improper use, storage, installation or maintenance is not covered under this warranty.
1. Find your perfect trees (check below for the optimal distance for your hammock)
2. Wrap one piece of rope or strap around each tree trunk
3. Attach your hammock to the rope or straps using a knot, carabiner, or hook
4. Kick back and relax!
We can't wait for you to kick back and relax in our incredibly comfy Hammocks!
How can I hang my hammock?
Nothing like enjoying your swing in nature! Our hammocks are a perfect addition to your backyard.
The traditional way to kick back in your hammock and take in the sites.
Expand to see instructions
A classic hammock hanging
scenario with a modern take.
1. Decide where you want to hang your hammock.
2. Drill a hook into a wall or secure a rope/strap around a porch post.
3. Attach a piece or rope or strap around a tree tree trunk.
4. Attach your hammock to the straps/ropes using a knot or carabiner. Enjoy!
Take your backyard swing
1. Look for an ideal tree.
2. Choose a perfect branch.
3. Wrap ropes or straps securely around the branch. Your anchor points should be about 40"-50" apart.
4. Attach your hammock to the ropes/straps using a knot or carabiner. Voila!
A classic hammock hanging scenario with a modern take.
Take your backyard swing to the next level!
Bring the relaxation outside your living room! You can hang around in style whether you have a small balcony or a spacious patio.
Convert your porch into perfect relaxation nook:
2. Wrap two ropes or straps securely around the beams or posts.
3. Hang your hammock by attaching its eyes to the ropes or straps, using a knot or carabiner.
Convert your porch into
perfect relaxation nook:
Take your hammock with you on the go or chase the sun in your yard with a stand!
1. Take a stand! Our hammocks are compatible with most stands, but if you’re looking for something special we recommend our Hammock Throne.
2. Place the stand in your favorite place.
3. Hang your hammock from the stand according to the instructions!
4. It really is that simple! Now it's time to relax!
A swing and a hit for a perfect
1. Pick the beam you want to hang your hammock from.
2. Wrap two ropes or straps securely around the beams.
3. Attach the eyes of your chair hammock to the ropes or straps (using a knot or carabiner).
4. Enjoy your swing!
A swing and a hit for a perfect chill spot!
Who says you need a tree to hang a hammock? Celebrate that summer feeling a year round in you home, whenever you like!
Signature Hammock Classic
Signature Hammock Family
Your leisure retreat always at hand.
1. Find the perfect spot to hang your hammock.
2. Drill two hooks into a ceiling or a wall beam.
3. Use rope or a carabiner to attach the eyes of your hammock to each of the hooks.
4. Get ready to relax!
The best way to hang around your living room.
1. Choose your favorite relaxation spot in your home.
2. Drill two hooks into a ceiling.
3. Attach the hooks to the eyes of your hammock using a carabiner or rope.
1. Find a perfect spot.
2. Drill two hooks into the ceiling. With a spreader bar, they can be closer together!
3. Hang your hammock from the hooks using rope or carabiners
4. Chill in your chair!
3. Hang your hammock from the hooks using rope or carabiners.
Not interested in drilling into your wall or ceiling or searching for the perfect trees to hang your hammock? A hammock stand is an easy and convenient way to relax, no matter where you are!
Chase the sun in your backyard!
1. Get yourself a hammock stand - if you're looking for the perfect one for our Signature Classic hammock, we recommend our Adjustable Hammock Stand!
2. Make sure the dimensions of your stand match our hammock hanging specs - if you are unsure, you can always consult with our Hammock Concierge Team!
3. Hang your hammock on your stand according to the instructions.
4. That's it! Now it's time for a nap.
Treat yourself like the royalty you are.
1. The Hammock Throne was created for the ultimate in relaxation and to help you enjoy a full-body hammock experience anywhere you want.
2. Place the Throne anywhere you want.
3. Hang your hammock chair on the Throne.
4. Kick back and relax like royalty!
3. Hang your hammock chair on the Throne..
Ready for an adventure? Now you can take your favorite hammock with you. With our super strong straps you can hang your hammock on trees, posts, beams and more - sky is the limit!
These tree-friendly straps are compatible with all hammocks and most places. Now you can hang anywhere you like and spread your anchor points up to 30 feet apart. No knots required.
Now that you've picked your hammock and the perfect place to hang it, let's find the best placement for your anchor points! You can find the optimal dimensions below.
But don’t worry if your hammock environment doesn’t match up to these measurements perfectly - there’s also a range of recommended dimensions that will work for you.
Protip: you can use straps to extend the reach of your hammock!
Range of Width: 108" - 132"
Range of Height : 60" - 72"
Range of Width : 120" - 156"
The closer you hang the eyes together, the higher your hammock will need to be from the ground. For example, you will not be able to hang a hammock at a width of 8 ft and a height of 4 ft. Your measurements will likely fall somewhere within the recommended range.
Range of Width : 40" - 50"
Range of Height : 62" - 72"
The closer you hang the eyes together, the higher your hammock will need to be from the ground. For example, if you hung your hanging chair at a width of 9.6", you would probably hang you will not be able to hang a hammock at a width of 12 ft and height of 6 ft. Your measurements will likely fall somewhere within each range.
Answer a few simple questions and we'll suggest the perfect hammock for you...
Range of Height: 60" - 72"
Range of Width: 120" - 156"
Range of Width: 40" - 50"
The journey to relaxation.
Finding a hammock you can truly relax in didn’t happen overnight. It started with a chance discovery while on vacation, and took a lot of hard work (and a lot of hanging around) to bring the softest, most comfortable, and thoughtfully crafted hammocks to your backyard.
Positive Impact + Sustainability
There are still more than a billion people round the world living in extreme poverty on less than $1.25 a day. In Thailand alone, more than a million members of hill tribes exist on the margins of society - denied citizenship, shut out of the formal job market and vulnerable to exploitation and trafficking.
At Yellow Leaf Hammocks we believe that ethical job creation is an empowering long-term solution to extreme poverty.
Instead of organizing a patchwork of charitable donations to provide water, nutrition, clothing, etc., we are working directly with families to build a comprehensive, dignified, long-term strategy toward a brighter future. The causes behind systemic poverty are complicated, but long-term financial stability is within reach.
To put it simply: By focusing on livelihoods, we can cut out the middle man, get money directly into the hands of smart + resourceful mothers and empower families to tackle their own problems (without being subject to anyone else's agenda).
Across three weaving communities, we are working to create jobs for mothers and build a foundation for positive community transformation. Through flexible, safe “prosperity wage” weaving work, our artisans are able to lift their families from poverty and debt slavery to the middle class.
Meet a Few of Our Weavers!
CASE STUDY: THE MLABRI TRIBE
YELLOW LEAF Hammocks was first imagined as an opportunity to transform one small tribal community, the Mlabri. Within two years of our launch, we’ve expanded our job creating mission to neighboring villages and began building the platform for a regional microeconomy to benefit similar impoverished hill tribe groups. Of more than 1.5 million hill tribe people in Thailand, up to half are denied citizenship, marginalized and live in extreme poverty. Our vision is to support the growth of a sustainable economy and chart positive new paths for these communities.THE STORY OF THE MLABRI
Yellow Leaf Hammocks has deep roots in the tumultuous, heart-wrenching history of the Mlabri people. From peaceful forest dwellers to 20th century slavery, they’ve battled exploitation, death threats, malnourishment, malaria and displacement. Faced with this barrage of plagues, their numbers dwindled until UNESCO placed them on the “Endangered Languages List”, with only 300 Mlabri left in the world. In spite of the extreme hardships they’ve faced, they’ve maintained a fierce determination to preserve their culture.THE PEOPLE OF THE YELLOW LEAVES
Very little is known about the tribe’s existence before the 1930s. The Mlabri were traditionally a hunter and gatherer society, with spiritual beliefs that compelled them to move every few days. They built huts with thatched roofs of banana leaves and abandoned them when the leaves turned yellow. A gentle and reclusive people, they were rarely seen by outsiders and their presence was only known by these abandoned huts- thus they were called “The People of the Yellow Leaves.”They lived off of the land, with occasional interruptions from anthropologists, thriving well into the 20th century. By the 1970s, rapid economic development in Thailand stripped their forests of their natural bounty and eventually stripped away the forests themselves- lost to slash & burn farming and an insatiable demand for teak. Bereft of their homes and livelihood, denied civil rights, and with no conception of “land ownership,” the Mlabri were especially vulnerable to exploitation.
Malnourishment and malaria contributed to the rapid dwindling of the tribe’s population. Those who had survived were forced into servitude for neighboring tribes, working in toxic farming and made to perform in faked “primitive” human zoos for tourists.
When the future appeared most bleak, a long-shot effort helped turn it all around.
ENGINEERING A TURNAROUND
In the late 1970s, an aid worker and his family moved to the region and began to dedicate their lives to improving conditions for the Mlabri people. Local powers who were profiting from the Mlabri’s forced labor threatened the lives of the family and the tribe, but through stalwart efforts over the course of a decade, a humble village was built as a haven for the Mlabri people and they began to focus on finding a new way to earn income while preserving their cultural values.This determination to safeguard their heritage presented obstacles to financial freedom. Theirs is a culture that values family time above material possessions and has a number system reaching only to 9 (everything else is “a lot”). The land around them had been gobbled up and there were no fertile fields for agriculture. Attempts to sell traditional woven goods met with limited success and didn’t bring in enough income to support the village.
Through a lucky inspiration, the unlikely proposition of turning their weaving skills to hammocks won the day. The villagers worked with a textile engineer to adjust tension and develop new weaves, eventually reaching the cocoon-like level of comfort that is Yellow Leaf’s trademark. A Belgian hammock devotee discovered their products and helped establish several shops in touristed areas along Thailand’s coasts.
THE FOUNDATION FOR A BRIGHTER FUTURE
The security of a stable, growing revenue source had a tremendous impact on the village. The Mlabri were able to start a school and build a community center for weaving and socializing. They established one of Thailand’s first unemployment funds. With increased economic power, they successfully lobbied for citizenship and civil rights, which they were first granted in 2001. Hammock weaving is flexible work, ideal for mothers who can work from home and make their own schedules. Unfortunately, without access to global markets, the demand for hammocks was limited to the Thai tourism season and there was no way to ensure year-round employment.SPREADING LASTING CHANGE: THE HAMMOCK REVOLUTION
THIS IS about where Yellow Leaf joins the story! Over the past few years, we have worked to develop consistent sales channels, build international partnerships and stabilize operations within the villages.Corollary economic opportunities, like a post office, food preparation and sustainable coffee farming have sprung up to employ those who are not weaving. Our partnership with Kiva has spurred financial training and financial planning, with many weavers opening bank accounts for the first time in their lives!
With our growth continuing to accelerate, we will not only be able to employ all Mlabri weavers year-round, we will also be able to continue to expand and provide training and ongoing employment to hill tribe communities in the surrounding region. Until weaving work and sustainable jobs are available throughout the area, destructive agricultural practices will continue and the exploitative cycle of indentured servitude will not truly end.
Through the establishment of Yellow Leaf as a global lifestyle brand, the hill tribe villages we partner with will be able to sustain this positive impact and continue to lay the foundation for a brighter future.
Our Chair Hammock is the perfect retreat for a solo hanger.
Signature one has two options: Classic (1 -2 person) & Family (+3 person).
Cotton Rope hammock can be an option for 1 person or romantic evening for 2.
Compare our Hammocks and pick the right one.
Sit in it like a chair or kick up
your feet for a full recline
Weatherproof and 100% color safe,
it’s made to hang in your
Woven with 100% natural cotton,
it’s a perfect match to your
Weatherproof and 100%
color safe, it’s made to hang
in your backyard or patio
Available in two sizes:
Woven with hand-dyed natural cotton, it’s a perfect match to your stylish indoors
Suggested Hanging Dimensions
Our hammocks are versatile, but we suggest aiming for a distance within this range
Are these hammocks comfortable to share?
Which size hammocks are compatible with the Adjustable Hammock Stand?
The Adjustable Hammock Stand is compatible with our Signature Hammocks in the "Classic" and "Family" size but does not fit the Cotton Rope Hammock.
Do I hang a Chair Hammock differently from the other hammocks?
Yes! Hammock Chair is a perfect Swing - hang your hammock with its straps parallel to create a swing shape, perfect for watching the world go by.
You can also create a cocoon shape for some serious “me time” - just hang your hammock with its straps together.
See our Hammock Hanging Guide here:
https://www.yellowleafhammocks.com/pages/how-to-hang-a-hammock-indoors-or-outside
What's the difference between the Signature line and the Cotton Rope hammocks?
Signature Hammocks are handwoven with ultra-soft yarn that's versatile, durable, and deeply comfortable.
Cotton Rope hammocks are hand-dyed and woven with 100% natural cotton.
Wholesale, Trade & Resort Opportunities
Bring the comfort, style + positive impactof Yellow Leaf Hammocks to your customers!
Interested in carrying 100% handwoven Yellow Leaf Hammocks + Hanging Chairs in your stores or at your new development/ resort?
To get the process started, please fill out our
brief Wholesale Account Application.
FILL OUT THE FORM HERE
You can also send questions directly
to wholesale@yellowleafhammocks.com
Retail partners + resorts love our hammocks:
Thanks for Spreading the Word!
If a hammock sways in the breeze and no one sees it …
How Can It Change the World?
At Yellow Leaf Hammocks, we are on a mission to spread relaxation around the globe and to spearhead a movement in sustainable economic development.
The awesome writers, publications + fans who spread the word are incredible partners in our impact. As a young, bootstrapped social enterprise we are incredibly grateful to everyone who helps us share our story + our awesome hammocks!
First up: Relaxation! We’re spreading backyard bliss with the most ridiculously comfy hammocks, stylish + customizable designs, “hammock concierge” service and legit 100% handwoven craftsmanship. Basically, everything you need to step away from the screen, kick back + spark some creativity! (We love to joke around, but this is serious stuff: According to the CDC, up to 90% of doctor's visits in the U.S. are for stress-related illness. WHOA.)
Next up: Changing the World. Artisan activity is the second-largest income generator in the developing world, yet the prevailing trend in global crafts is still (let’s be real here) dust-catchers, knick-knacks and “pity-purchases.” Why not empower artisans to create products that people truly love? Why not break the chain of charity + handouts and run an impact-driven business that imbues communities with dignity and pride? That's what we're all about.
WOW, THAT WAS A MOUTHFUL
HERE'S THE BASICS: Ridiculously Comfy • Shockingly Soft • Weathersafe • Breezy • Vibrant + Stylish • "Best for the World" B Corp • 100% Handwoven • Expert Craftsmanship • Designs that can't be replicated by a machine • Dedicated to sustainable job creation • "Prosperity Wages" • Lifting artisans from rural Thailand from debt slavery to the middle class • Diverting families from slash + burn agriculture • Breaking the cycle of extreme poverty and debt slavery • A hand up, not a handout
Want to Talk More? Let's Do It!
We would love to talk more about our mission, impact + products (plus, we've got killer margarita recipe to share).To schedule an interview or clarify any details, please shoot a note to our team at press@yellowleafhammocks.com or fill out the form below!
Please credit images to Yellow Leaf Hammocks +
link to www.yellowleafhammocks.com.
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at concierge@yellowleafhammocks.com or mailing us at:
Yellow Leaf Hammocks
1732 Leavenworth St San Francisco California US 94109
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at concierge@yellowleafhammocks.com or by mail at
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
1732 Leavenworth St #305 San Francisco California US 94109