You have no items in your cart
Gift Cards Available
Accent & Occasional Chairs
Bathroom Accessories
Bean Bags & Floor Cushions
Candles & Candle Holders
Resin Animals & Sculptures
Glassware & Tumblers
Kitchen Accessories & Utensils
Serving Trays & Bowls
Table Linen & Napkin Rings
Fitted & Flat Sheets
Gifts $1000 to $2000
Last Chance Christmas
Last Chance Homewares
Ex-Display Furniture
Chest of Drawers & Storage
We've all been there. You know you'd like to get someone a special gift for their home, but you have no clue what to get them. That, or they have some rather interesting taste that you'd prefer not to chance!
No worries. Simply give them the gift of choice with a Vavoom gift card.
- Select the value of the Gift Card you would like to purchase
- Enter the recipient's name
- You have the option to enter a personalised message
- Tell us the recipient's email address where we should send the gift card
- Your gift card will be delivered to your recipient by email
- Gift cards are delivered by email and contain instructions to redeem them at checkout.
- Our gift cards have no additional processing fees
- Gift cards expire after 5 years
- Your recipient can use them across the entire Vavoom website
- Gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash
- Recipients may 'top-up' the value of the gift card with their own funds in order to buy a product more expensive than their gift card value
AUSTRALIA WIDE DELIVERY
*Please note that delivery times are merely a guideline. We are at the mercy of couriers and removalists. Some items may take longer. Please contact us if you require goods urgently within the timelines outlined below.
FREE Melbourne metro delivery on orders over $500. Free pick up at Abbotsford.
Victoria Regional Delivery times 2-4 days from date of despatch*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional Victoria.
FREE Sydney metro delivery on orders over $1,000. Sydney Delivery times 1-3 days*
NEWCASTLE, WOLLONGONG & GOSFORD
Delivery times 3-5 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in Newcastle, Wollongong and Gosford.
NSW ZONES 1 - 6 REGIONAL
NSW Regional Zones 1 - 6 Delivery times 3-5 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional NSW
NSW ZONES 7 & 8 REGIONAL
NSW Regional Zones 7 & 8 Delivery times 5 - 8 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional NSW
Canberra Delivery times 1-3 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in Canberra.
FREE Brisbane metro delivery on orders over $500. Brisbane Delivery times 3-4 days*
IPSWICH, GOLD COAST, TOOWOOMBA, QLD1, QLD2, SUNSHINE COAST, BUNDABERG, GLADSTONE, ROCKHAMPTON, MCKAY AND MARYBOROUGH
Delivery times 4 - 5 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in Ipswich, Gold Coast, Toowoomba, QLD1, QLD2, Sunshine Coast, Bundaberg, Gladstone, Rockhampton, McKay and Maryborough
Delivery times 5 -6 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in Townsville and Cairns.
QLD ZONES 3 & 4 REGIONAL
Delivery times 6 - 7 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional QLD.
Delivery times 7 - 8 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional QLD.
Delivery times 8 - 9 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional QLD.
Delivery times 9 - 10 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional QLD.
Delivery times 10 - 11 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional QLD.
DARWIN & NORTHERN TERRITORY
Delivery times 5-6 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in regional Darwin and Northern Territory.
ALICE SPRINGS, KATHERINE & TENNANT CREEK
Alice Springs, Katherine and Tennant Creek delivery times 6-7 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in Alice Springs, Katherine and Tennant Creek.
FREE Adelaide metro delivery on orders over $2,000. Adelaide Delivery times 2-3 days*
Delivery times 3-4 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in SA1.
SA ZONES 2 & 3 REGIONAL
Delivery times 4-5 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in SA2 & SA3.
Perth & WA1 Delivery times 6-7 days*
WA ZONES 2, 3 AND 4 REGIONAL
Delivery times 7-8 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in WA2, WA3 and WA4.
Delivery times 8-9 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in WA5.
Hobart & Launceston Delivery times 4-5 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in Hobart and Launceston.
Delivery times 6-7 days*. Please use our delivery calculator for delivery costs in TAS Regional.
*Please note that delivery times are merely a guideline. We are at the mercy of couriers and removalists so these timelines may blowout but we will always attempt to keep you informed.
Shipping Calculator not available for this product
At VAVOOM, we absolutely love when you love your purchased goodies.
We are so passionate about our products and we believe in high standards and quality control, but we also understand that even with this, things can still go wrong. Which is why we have ensured that our Returns/Refunds/Exchange Policy is a smooth and easy process giving you the stress free security that if your product is faulty, damaged or just simply received the wrong goodie we will be here to take care of you.
Our policy lasts 14 days. If 14 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately, we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
All sale items in-store and online have been heavily reduced which is why we don't offer exchanges, refunds or returns on these items. Items Purchased in any promotional sales are final and are not able to be returned unless Faulty. These items will show "This Item is Non-Refundable'' in the description of the product.
If you received an item that you believe has a manufacturing fault, please email right away and provide a photo or two showing the defect/fault, which will speed up the returns process. info@vavoom.com.au
We do not refund original shipping fees and do not cover return shipping fees.
Return shipping charges will be waved only if the returned item is Faulty.
Unfortunately we don't offer Refunds on change of mind purchases however we can offer an exchange or store credit.
Our friendly staff are happy to send you more images or answer any question you have before you make your online purchase as we understand purchasing online can be a bit of a gamble.
If you purchased a gift for someone and they aren't happy with it, we can offer an exchange for the full value minus the shipping cost.
MORE INFORMATION ON RETURNS...
If you have an item to return, please make sure you adhere to the below guidelines.
Please return the item to us with proof of purchase - order number and/or invoice to:
Abbotsford, VIC 3067
Good question. We are glad you asked! To make a claim it’s super easy, just send us a quick email with these details below to lodge your claim.
Our email is support@vavoom.com.au
What we need from you -
1. Your name, email address, delivery address and contact telephone number
2. Your original order number
3. Date of purchase and your method of payment
4. The product item number, price and description of the item that you wish to exchange, return, or refund and the reason.
5. If the item is damaged or arrived in not-so-perfect condition please send one close up photo of the item and one photo of the damage from a further distance so we can see where it is exactly on the item and help us best deal with it. Once we receive your email we’ll handle the nitty gritty stuff and organise the next step, we’ll also give you a call to keep you in the loop with how the process is going to go ahead.
6. Should there be a Manufacturers fault with your item you must notify us within 7 days after delivery. You will be offered a replacement item if available. If a replacement item is not available you will be offered a similar item at a similar price, store credit or a refund depending on the situation. Faults not reported within 7 days are not eligible for a refund so please check your products as soon as they are delivered for peace of mind.
7. Should an item be faulty or damaged on delivery VAVOOM needs to be notified within 7 days of receiving the delivery.: VAVOOM will replace or repair the faulty goods at their discretion OR if we are unable to provide a new replacement, VAVOOM has the option to offer a full or partial refund dependant on the amount of damage to the product.
A refund is not available if a replacement item is available
Mirror, Mirrored Furniture, Framed Prints & Canvas Artwork Returns. Unfortunately due to the delicate, meticulous and fragile nature of the packaging of mirrors and mirrored furniture, a refund or replacement cannot be offered if the item is removed from its packaging as it is very hard to secure the items again for insurance purposes with a courier/shipping company. Change of mind policy. So you don't love it? Well, don't fear! We get it. We will happily offer you store credit for any item purchased that you aren't happy with. However, we do request a restocking fee dependent on the price of the goods and shipping costs and fees incurred.VAVOOM reserves the right to charge an administration fee of up to 15% of the order value when orders placed are cancelled and then reinstated by the purchaser to capture promotional discounts.
Same rules apply in this instance. We will only accept the claim if your product has been damaged in transit or there is a manufacturers fault. We do not offer a refund/return/exchange if you have changed your mind on custom made products.
Once you place your order with us we are pretty quick to get that stock secured with the supplier. Once we have secured this stock with the supplier we cannot cancel your order. So if you decide you need to cancel this order, please contact us straight away and we will endeavour to assist in anyway we can. VAVOOM reserves the right to charge an administration fee of up to 15% of the order value when orders placed are cancelled and then reinstated by the purchaser to capture promotional discounts.
Every effort has been taken to provide you with accurate colour descriptions and images, however there may be reasons why the colour of your item on arrival is not as depicted on your screen due to the many variances in colours by different computer, tablet and mobile screens or they are handmade pieces. We are unable to offer a refund due to a colour variation.
If you are really worried about how the colour is going to arrive, give us a call. We can often find swatches or even describe what the colour is like in person. Remember, we’re here to help you in any way we can.
It's a Colourful Life!
For the Treasure Hunter, Trend Seeker, the Eclectic Collector.
Vavoom is run by a small team of retail creatives! Alana, Nat, Dárne and Lauren confidently curate and serve up a colourful, eclectic and comprehensive range of products for you to peruse. And we do this with thanks to an impressive bunch of the BEST Australian and International suppliers, manufacturers, artists and designers we love!
Think… furniture, linen, pillows, towels, ceramics, glassware, tableware, rugs, wall art, vases, lighting and more! Vavoom is your one stop shop for all things joyful, colourful and a little bit quirky.
We LOVE colour and tend to lean towards an eclectic vibe. We appreciate the sentimental and nostalgic value of items holding a purpose in our home. You know, the ones that bring you all the feels and memories, show off your personality and get conversations started. With this in mind we are selective about the products in our range - think many back and forth discussions about what to include from each new range - and the ultimate aim is that they will stand the test of time.
Most importantly, we are here to help you create the energy you want to surround yourself with, day after day. Our range encourages you to create a character filled space which expresses to the world who you truly are. It aims to keep you cosy, comfortable and excited in each room of your house.
Feeling excited but overwhelmed at the same time? We get it, we’ve been there. It’s why we employ super talented interior designers (Dárne and Lauren) in our Melbourne showroom.
Happy treasure hunting x
We love speaking to our customers. Contact us via phone (1300577079) during Australian business hours, or email 24/7.
Email us at info@vavoom.com.au
We’ll get back to you as soon as we can!
Buy 4 or more and take 20% off!
Craft your perfect sleep sanctuary with our customisable bedding bundles! Mix, match, and build your dream bed using our vibrant linen collection. Simply add the items to your cart and the discount is applied at checkout.
Welcome treasure hunters to Vavoom!
Your go-to destination for some of Australia’s most iconic brands. Our high-quality furniture and vibrant homewares will make your space sing with joy. With a passion for colour and a commitment to craftsmanship, we curate an eclectic collection that brings life, energy, and charm to your home. We believe that every piece should tell a story and ignite your imagination. Join us on this delightful journey and let your home reflect the vibrancy that is you!
You can view our furniture and homewares online and in person at our Abbotsford showroom.
The latest finds, at your one stop colour shop! You’ve landed in a carefully curated corner of the internet, all about the eye catching new. Scroll down to find furniture and homewares including furniture pieces, artworks, cushions, mirrors, bed linen, colour trends, sofas, chairs, coffee tables and rugs from our favourite designers!
Kennedy Ribbed Round Ottoman
Huxley Curve Dining Table
Kennedy Swivel Occasional Chair
Juno Roller 3 Seater Sofa Bluestone Velvet Ex-Display
Felix Angled Arm Occasional Navy/Black Ex-Display
Felix Block Right Chaise
Felix Block Left Chaise
Oberon Crescent Side Table
3 Seater Sofa Grey Black Legs Ex-Display
Kennedy Tufted Bedhead
Benjamin Ripple Buffet
Sketch Poise Upholstered Dining Chair
Tide Retreat Occasional Chair White Ex-Display
Kennedy Ribbed Oval Ottoman
Felix Block 3 Seater Sofa
Benjamin Ripple Round Dining Table
Oberon Crescent Buffet
Benjamin Ripple Oval Dining Table
Oberon Crescent Entertainment Unit
Armchair - Army Green
You made it. Welcome to the home of homes. Furniture is such an emotive thing, and we're certain you'll find something that speaks to you when you browse our carefully curated catalogue. Browse our hand-picked furniture online by perusing each of our carefully curated categories. We stock everything from bedside tables, timber beds, minimalist mirrors and sleek modern dining tables right through to throws, cushions and bedazzling homewares.
You can shop by style, with the latest designs from Modern and Contemporary, French, Scandinavian, Mirrored, Hamptons, Industrial and even Aged Leather. . Browse furniture online now!
Juno Moon Occasional Chair
Elle our resident interior designer is always dishing out advice on how to spice up a room and give it some personality by adding an accent chair. It's almost like it's she's cheating. Do you have a corner in your home that needs some personality? Our Accent and Occasional chairs are perfect to spice up and brighten a room while taking up minimal space. Choose your look from multiple different colours and designs from high back to African Malawi.
Give your living room the centre piece it deserves by shopping with Vavoom - we stock so many different designs of coffee tables online, Australia wide.
From the glamorous Antique Mirror table, to our subtle Apothecary drawer table. You won't be able to hide your love from these gorgeous designs.
Amara Curve Side Table
Aruba Flip Side Table
Juno Florence 2 Seater Sofa
Splurge on your living room sofa, it is by far the most used piece of kit in your home! So let’s get all Tom Cruise and jump on the couch hunting together. The main consideration for your cushy couch is size and shape. We offer modular, L-shaped, 2-seater, 3-seaters, reclining and furniture sets. Once you’ve nailed spacing we can discuss style. We offer a range of styles from European, Chesterfield, Italian, Scandinavian, Industrial, Modern, Minimal, Retro, Mid-century to linen, Hamptons, Classic and French Provincial.
Benjamin Ripple Entertainment Unit
Kami Floating Drawer TV Unit
Jodoh Dining Table 160CM - Ex-Display
Whether you’re looking to seat two for a romantic dinner in an all-too-familiar cramped apartment, or planning to recreate the dreaded banquet scene from the Red Wedding (some of you know what we’re talking about), Vavoom makes shopping for tables online easy. We have small tables, square tables, round tables, timber tables, industrial tables and more abound aplenty. Pick the size and shape to suit your needs and use our table filters to find something that works for you. Browse our tables online now!
Jodoh Console 2 Drawers - Ex-Display
Manto Console Table Black EX-DISPLAY
Anchor Bedhead Queen
Reasons to get out of bed: None. Reasons to buy a bed from Vavoom: Plenty. We have a stylish range of beds to fit every space and budget. Solid timber beds, Scandinavian minimal beds, industrial beds, upholstered bedheads, at prices that will make you rest easy. Sweet dreams are certainly made of these.