What Sets us apart from other bedroom companies is:
- Excellent bed finishes and quality, along with sturdy, solid construction.
- Contour bed designs with unique functions.
- Enjoy a 30 day return policy, money back guaranteed!
- These are the best prices along with the quality of the beds!
- We have the platform beds you are looking for.
Our beds are excellent for large homes, apartments and even small studios. Just choose the platform bed that best fits your needs
We offer high quality of
bedroom furniture that looks great!
Queen bed size 60" Width x 80" Length
King bed size 76" Width x 80" Length
The beckoning Mediterranean breeze travels from afar to whisper in our ears stories of ethereal kingdoms and warm-filled homes. Is it surprising then, that we should carry this fascination with the welcoming seaside lifestyle into our interiors? In fact, Italian design has garnered widespread acclaim and recognition, particularly in the realm of interior design for …
The post The Italian way: decorating with style appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
When it comes to love, there is no single all-encompassing definition that can guide our understanding of this concept or its influence on our everyday decisions. However, if we follow the guidance of Dr. Gary Chapman, we can encounter five primary approaches to expressing and experiencing love: words of affirmation, acts of service, receiving gifts, …
The post The love language of our interiors appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
Spring provides the perfect excuse for interior renewal as it brings change all around us. This season of vibrant awakening inspires a sense of rejuvenation that motivates us to bring the same vitality into our everyday spaces. Moreover, with nature blooming and colors regaining their vibrancy, we can find in this spring palette the encouragement …
The post Refreshing spring-time interiors appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
The earliest known mirror is estimated to be around 8000 years old, and can be traced to Anatolia, modern day Turkey. This example of one of the first mirrors humans have crafted, was made from obsidian, a volcanic glass that gave it an appearance very different from the one we are familiar with in modern-day …
The post Mirror Mirror on the Wall appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
Across the world I am known as Rojo, Rouge, Kόκκινο, 赤, أحمر…an infinity of names but for now, just call me Red. As the color you often associate to passion, warmth, and dynamism, my insight derived from personal experience across a multitude of spaces and works, is especially valuable to interior design. Don’t take me …
The post Advice from Red appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
Each generation since our early ancestors, has added a new feature to the space we call home; from heat to sustainable energy sources, each of these additions have led modern households to the design standards we currently hold. Across various societies, the set of overarching desires revolve around technological integration, sustainability, and a holistic approach …
The post Envisioning the future of interior design appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
A bedroom is more than a mere place of repose encapsulated within four walls; it is also a sanctuary that nurtures our dreams, rejuvenates our spirits, and holds the key to our overall well being. Within its walls, the magic of a fruitful rest unfolds, revealing the power of design to dissipate our stress and …
The post The rejuvenating power of well designed bedrooms appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
At times we crave the irresistible allure of a powerful engine signaling the passing of a luxury car, or the tantalizing glow of a diamond behind its Tiffany glass window. What if we could get closer to the thrill that the owners of such products feel? This is possible if we account for the same …
The post Getting seduced by hot interiors appeared first on KMP Furniture Blog.
Welcome to KMP Furniture, a modern furniture store in Miami featuring an incredible inventory of contemporary furniture. Finding the perfect designer furniture can be difficult, but the solution to finding beautiful modern furniture has just become simpler. KMP Furniture offers a wide range of attractive, high quality contemporary furniture that is unique, maintains functionality and comfort.
KMP Furniture presents an online gallery that includes tables, sofas, chairs, patio furniture and bedroom furniture. KMP Furniture store showroom is located in Miami and retails online. We are excited to offer "KMP Exclusives" - a series of partnerships between the company and world-renowned designers to create unique furniture available only at KMP. In addition, the store will now offer "Customized Classics" - which allows shoppers to choose the color, fabric, and size when purchasing best-selling items. At KMP Furniture we know you'll enjoy a great collection and affordable prices.
Living Room Furniture for your Modern Home
With modern living room furniture you can enjoy the time you spend surrounded with your own personal style in your own comfortable place. Browse through our gallery of living room sets to find your favorite color and the shapes that fit your space. Choosing the right living room furniture can be a big decision, but with KMP Furniture's large selection you can easily find your new look.
Dining Room Furniture For your Modern Home
KMP Furniture offers the perfect choices of dining room furniture that will give your dining area an incredible modern appeal.
Modern dining tables can generate a warm and inviting atmosphere with style, function and beauty, creating the centerpiece of your dining room.Find in our gallery a collection of dining room chairs that are stylish, comfortable and long lasting.
Bedroom Furniture tips:
Kmp Furniture would like to make the following recommendations in your search of Bedroom Furniture & Furnishings, so that your bedroom furniture experience is a pleasant one :
When finish with the major furniture selections, do not forget to add accessories, such as lambs, rugs, picture frames, mirrors and quality bed sheets and covers. Make sure there is harmony with the color tones of the materials of the furniture and the bedding since these are the details that make a difference on the aesthetics of the bedroom.
When selecting bedroom furniture & furnishings you should enjoy the process and try to be creative with the things you like. A little change in the color or style of your bedroom setup can make a big difference in your night mood and as a result your whole bedtime experience.
Beds, Bedroom Furniture Sets, Nightstands, and Dressers
Design Consultations & Sales Assistance
Black Friday Week Long Sales Event
For Custom Orders 1.888.567.2228
Design Consultations
TV Stands / Cabinets
Amber Pendant Lighting
Arden Pendant Chandelier
Asymptote Gold finish
Emerald Pendant Glass Lamp
tv stands/tv cabinets
Turn that house of yours into a dream home with the right home décor accessories from KMP Furniture. Choose from area rugs, garden art accessories, home lighting, bathroom accessories, furniture decor, pillows for your sofas and home interior decorating.
We even have accessories for your outdoor living space as well as accessories that are perfect for small space living.
Design Consultations& Sales Assistance
6444 Biscayne Blvd. Miami, FL 33138
sales@kmpfurniture.com
350 South Dixie Hwy. Miami, FL 33133
I's as much about people, as it is about furniture
KMP Furniture was created with you, the customer in mind. We stand firmly behind everything we sell. Whether we are combing the globe for the finest furnishings available or backing every sale with the best customer service in the industry, rest assured that we are committed to your complete satisfaction.
At KMP Furniture, we understand that each of our customers is unique and has their own tastes when it comes to the decor for their home or office. That's why we work closely with you to understand your individual needs, whether its styles, fabrics or colors. Just pick up the phone and one of our knowledgeable associates will be more than happy to provide you with the best advice possible. And if there's something you don't see, ask. We have a network of some of the best manufacturers in the world and can usually find the perfect piece for you.
With backgrounds in architecture, interior designand fine arts, KMP Furniture's founders have their pulse on the latest trends as well as the classics in modern design. All of our products are aesthetically pleasing, finely crafted with top quality materials, and extremely functional. It is our goal to help everyone incorporate great design into their everyday lives, bringing style and elegance to their home or work environment.
Perhaps most important, the professionals at KMP celebrate the spirit of modernism by providing you with the classics in modern furniture from the likes of Le Corbusier, Eero Saarinen and Charles and Ray Earnes while introducing new pieces that we believe are destined to become the "classics" of the future. Good design at KMP never fades with time as long as "form follows function."
'Contact us - Orders - Frequently Asked Questions'
Miami Furniture Store
To inquire about our products please contact us at 1-888-567-2228. Our service oriented sales team is ready to assist you and answer any questions or needs you may have. If a voice message answers, please kindly leave a message with the reason you are calling and someone will return your call within 24-hours.
Our hours of operation are:
Monday - Friday....................10:00am-6:00pm
Saturday - Sunday......................................11:00am-5:00pm
Our online store is open 24hrs for your convenience
If the FAQs do not answer all of your questions you can contact us via e-mail at sales@kmpfurniture.com.and we will write back to you as soon as possible.
On FAQs you can find answers on:
Creating an account and placing an order online
You have made your selection of the products you are interested in purchasing and you are ready to begin checkout. You click "Add to cart" which you can find at the right top side of the page. Then you select the quantity of the item you are interested proceed to "Add to My Order" or "Continue Shopping". When you choose "Add to My Order" a page with the items you have ordered, will appear on the screen that confirms your order and a "Continue shopping" or "Proceed to Checkout" at the left bottom side of the page. A page asking you to "Sign In" is were new customers can create new accounts and old customers log in their existing accounts. In order to create an account you have to first add an item to your order and proceed to the "Begin Checkout".
This website is monitored and protected by the Thawte's EV SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology. All the personal information that you trusted in us stay secured in an encrypted format in order to avoid any misuse, loss or alteration of anything that is personal and confidential. These security measures include information about your credit card, personal details and sign-in passwords. All these information are monitored by a firewall security system that is multi-layered to provide the highest security possible. We like to thank you for the confidence you place in us and assure you that we guard your loyalty and trust the best way we can.
I forgot my password. Can you send me my password? Can I create a new password?
If you forgotten your passwordclick here to enter your email address. We are usually able to email your password within the next 5-10 minutes. For further changes of your password please call us at 1-888-567-2228.
Do I need to pay tax charges?
That depends on the state you leave in. For now the only state that KMP Furniture is required to collect taxes is Florida. The amount of taxes is a percentage of the total purchase price and in some states may include the additional taxable total for shipping and handling. Sales tax calculations are revised at the time of shipping and are adjusted, depending on the new shipping rates and requirements.
In case you are shipping in more than one destination, the tax will be based upon the specific ship-to destinations.
Which is the quality and design of your products?
We use the best materials available in all our products and we work closely with our manufacturers to ensure the highest quality possible. If in any case a complication occurs with your order regarding the quality of your shipment we take full responsibility. Our products are designed by individual designers that work closely with our manufacturers to produce the results of today. The modern classic collection is the only items we carry that are high quality reproductions of the original designs of the Great masters. For further questions or inquiries on this matter please contact us at 1-888-567-2228 or by email at sales@kmpfurniture.com.
Which delivery companies you use?
For smaller products we use FedEx ground services. For larger items, we use carriers that are specialized in furniture delivery. Most of our shipping carriers will call you a day prior the delivery or sometimes the same day to confirm. If you need to alter or reschedule a delivery please call at 1-888-567-2228.
What is the timeframe in delivering my order?
We usually ship our products within two to three business days from the time an order is placed. An estimated time to receive your order is seven to ten working days. This is only with the products we keep in-stock. The products that are special orders usually take eight to twelve weeks from the day the order is placed, depending on the item. In this is your situation we will expedite your delivery date and contact you with information regarding your order.
When can I get a discount?
You are eligible for a discount when your purchase amount reaches $5,000 or more. The discount amount is 10% of the purchase price. You can retrieve your discount in the form of a coupon that can be applied on your next purchase.
Living Room Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
If you're already registered with KMP, please Sign In using your email address and your password.
(Password is case sensitive.)
I Don't have an account:
Register now with KMP Furniture to use all our convenient site features and check out quickly.
Shop secure with KMP Furniture
KMP Furniture is pleased to offer a vast selection of modern sectionals and contemporary sofas. Modern sectional styles are perfect in any room for an attractive invitation to a relaxing moment. Choose from a variety of styles and quality materials when shopping for fabric and leather sofas.
Armstrong Sectional Sofa
Barcelona Sectional Sofa
Bernard Large Sectional
Bernard Sectional Sofa - Fabric
Bernard Sectional Sofa - Leather
Bernard Sectional Sofa Wide Chaise
Alessio cushion arms
Lounge chairs, chaise lounges and office chairs
The years seem to go by at a frightening pace but the enduring designs of Van der Rohe, Nelson and Gray are as fresh today as they were when first created. This is particularly true of their signature lounge chairs, chaise lounges, Bedroom Chaise Lounges and office chairs that grace our collection of modern seating options. When it comes to the very best in lounge chairs, chaise lounges and office chairs, look no further than LOUNGE CHAIRS AND CHAISE LONGUESIn stark contrast to traditional furnishings, modern lounge chairs, chaise lounges,
Bedroom Chaise Lounges and office chairs come in an almost endless array of innovative designs and styles. Here are some basic tips when shopping for lounge chairs:
- Even the most famous pieces, such as the Barcelona chair, Eames chair or Marshmallow sofa come in a range of colors and fabrics.Be sure to ask for the color and fabric options before you order.
- While most modern lounge chairs, chaise lounges,leather office chairs and bedroom chaise lounge chairs go well with one another,you may want to go with designs from a specific designer, too, such as Le Corbusier or Eileen Gray.
- Many pieces are interchangeable in the spaces you have available. For example, a Bedroom Chaise Lounge may also work well in a living room as a lounge chair or chaise lounge. Function over form is the mantra here.Often you can disregard the category assigned to an actual piece of furniture you like and go with your instincts.
When selecting lounge chairs and other
seating for your home,experiment with shapes as well as textures and colors.The crisp design of modern chaise lounges and other furnishings encourages exploration of new ideas in interior design.
Modern coffee tables, round coffee tables and square coffee tables
If it weren't for the popularity of tea, coffee tables would have never found their way into modern homes. At the height of the tea-drinking craze in Britain, a new low table where Brits could put their cups came into being. The tea table became the modern coffee table during the Arts and Crafts movement. Next time you play trivia you can thank designer E.W. Godwin for the fact that we don't have "tea table books" on our tea tables and can instead enjoy the low slung, versatile coffee table we've come to love today.
Since the very beginning of the Modernist movement, designers have been particularly drawn to the coffee table and end table as a place to experiment with new designs and materials. Here are some helpful tips so you can make the most of your coffee tables:
- The Glass Coffee Table is a classic in modern furniture. Most glass coffee tables have tempered glass to prevent breakage and add strength. But if it's not specifically mentioned, be sure to ask.
- When shopping for a round coffee table, square coffee table or oval coffee table, consider the furnishings that will surround it. Visually these are all grouped together and should complement one another.
- If you like a piece that is as much a work of art as a coffee table or end table, consider a signature creation from one of the great modern designers such as van der Rohe, Gray or the Eames brothers.
When it comes to coffee tables don't be shy about making a statement with the design. Modern furniture is not only functional, but fun as well.
Before the foot stool appeared in European homes in the early 1800s, who knows where people used to put their feet. Thankfully, the foot stool gained a foot hold in homes rapidly and morphed into the ottoman we know today. The modern ottoman and leather ottoman, along with fabric ottoman chairs, not only provide visitors and family members with an upholstered seat where they can rest their weary feet, but also offer additional seating during a party or holiday gathering.
Also known as a tuffet (now you know what Little Miss Muffett was sitting on), the ottoman bench offers homeowners many choices in arranging the furnishings in their home. Whether they're placed at the end of a chair or recliner or in the center of a sofa grouping, this modern stool will add beauty and versatility to your living room furniture.
One of the classic chair and ottoman sets is the Eames Lounge Chair and Ottoman. But be careful. There are a lot of cheap knock offs on the market of this design and you will definitely notice the difference quickly if you go with a discount store imitation.
Cabinets Chests and Dressers