Sign up Log in to access your order history, save your favourites and your cart, earn credits & more!
Sign up Log in to write product reviews, save your favourites, access your order history & more!
Sign up Log in for a HipVan user account to retrieve your points.
Earn $30 credits for every friend you refer!
Sign up Log in to save your favourites and your cart, earn credits, access your order history & more!
Sign up Log in and be notified when it's back in stock!
Sign up Log in to continue supporting the community's countless inspiring posts!
Sign up Log in to continue supporting what other community members have to say!
Sign up Log in to leave supportive messages and burning questions on homeowners' posts!
Sign up Log in to easily keep track of your favourite homeowners' posts!
Sign up Log in to showcase your home to >200,000 members in the community!
Sign up Log in to interact and learn from other homeowners to better furnish your own home!
Sign up Log in to curate your inspirational moodboard and refer to it easily anytime, anywhere.
Sign up Log in to easily keep track of updates!
Enter the email address associated with your account, and we'll email you a link to reset your password.
If an account exists for asdfsaga, you will get an email with link to reset your password.
In case it doesn't arrive, be sure to check your spam folder.
All You Need To Create Your Dream Home!
Shop Our Best-Loved Looks!
Explore Home Inspirations
Bright, Airy & Curvy!74
Modern Home With A Large Kitchen Island Around A Pillar.19
Modern Coastal & Bright 5-Room BTO With Lots Of Curves46
Designing My Ideal Wardrobe And Vanity Space11
Our Entryway: See How We Utilise Narrow Spaces. Feat. A Dance Corner32
Our Dining Room: Making Magic With Styling✨33
A Living Room with TLC: Textures, Lighting and Colours18
Cooking up a storm with an open-concept kitchen47
Real Homes, Real Reviews
Free Delivery For orders above $300
HipVan Atelier Pop-up View furniture on display
0% Interest Instalments For orders above $100
Hold your order Free for up to 3 months
GST Inclusive All prices displayed are inclusive of GST
Complement Your Space with Our Contemporary Furniture in SG
Buy Stylish Furniture Online in Singapore with HipVan
On the lookout for a furniture shop in Singapore? Look no further than HipVan! A homegrown company, HipVan carries an eclectic selection of sofas, coffee tables, dining tables, chairs, beds, mattresses, lighting and more. Each piece of furniture and home furnishings you can find on our online store is thoughtfully curated to match your style preferences – be it Scandinavian, modern, industrial, minimalist, bohemian resort or anything in between. With plenty to explore under one platform, there’s no need to shop for furniture anywhere else apart from HipVan.
Singaporean’s Favourite Online Furniture Store
At HipVan, we understand that most quality furniture in Singapore comes with a hefty price tag. But we refuse to resign ourselves to the fact that buying stylish, quality furniture for your home simply means having to fork out a fortune. So here are we – bringing greater value to you. At HipVan, we’ve cut out all the cumulative costs of middlemen to put products with the perfect blend of style, quality and affordability at your fingertips.
With over 5,000 unique designs to choose from, you’re just one step away from making your dream home a reality. Order online to enjoy free delivery in Singapore on all orders above $300. Upon delivering your order, we also go the extra mile to assemble the furniture for you, if applicable. That’s not all! With our 100-day easy return policy, you can now return your purchase to us within 100 days of the date you received the item with no questions asked – we promise. Browse through our collection today!
Should you have any enquiries, please do not hesitate to browse through our FAQ page or get in touch with our team! We look forward to serving you.
Visit the HipVan Atelier Pop-up Today
At the HipVan Atelier Pop-up, expect to find lounge chairs, sofa beds, tv consoles and much more! If you are thinking of giving our furniture a test run before making a purchase, go ahead and sit on them, feel them or even adjust them to your preferred height.
Feel like visiting a furniture store near you to get a new sofa or dining table? Head down to our Pop-up in Singapore today to experience our selected range of popular products that are on sale at fair prices.
Frequently Asked Questions About Our Pop-up
What should I bring to the HipVan Atelier Pop-up in Singapore?
Furniture shopping can be a stressful experience if you are not sufficiently prepared. Before heading down, be sure to have your room or house dimensions easily accessible either on your phone or written down on hard copy. You should also bring along a measuring tape so you can measure every part of the furniture to make sure that it fits in a particular space in your home.
Is there parking available?
Yes, parking is available within the area. Clarke Quay has 2 hours Free Parking from 8am to 6pm daily (including Public Holidays)
Do I need to make an appointment to visit?
An appointment is not necessary to visit the HipVan Atelier Pop-up. The nearest MRT station is Fort Canning MRT station. Our operating hours are as stated above and you can also find updated opening hours on our social media platforms.
Can I try out the furniture at the Pop-up?
Yes, we’ve opened the HipVan Atelier Pop-up to let our customers give our furniture a test run. You can visit our Pop-up to touch and feel our products.
Are all HipVan products displayed in the Pop-up?
We feature a selected range of popular products in our Pop-up. While our site is the best source for furniture sales and our full catalogue, we understand that our customers may want to see our products in person. So, whether you need a shoe cabinet, dining table or office chair, you can visit our Pop-up to see them in action. Swing by our Pop-up to give selected products a test run today!
Do you offer interior design advice at the Pop-up?
Yes, we offer free interior styling advice to all our customers who visit the HipVan Atelier Pop-up. Feel free to ask our staff for tips on incorporating our products into your interior design.
Alternatively, send us an email at b2b@hipvan.com, and our agent will send you free styling suggestions and tips. You can also view Ideas on our website to get styling inspirations.
Are there any in-store exclusive promotions or discounts?
Don’t hesitate to ask our friendly staff about our current promotions and discounts.
What is the return policy for items purchased at the Pop-up?
We have a no-questions asked, 100-day return policy for HipVan purchases including items purchased from our Pop-up. If you change your mind, you can return your purchase as long as it meets all of our Return Eligibility conditions. However, note that some items are non-returnable and non-exchangeable. These products include rugs, electronics, bolsters, pillows, cushion covers and inserts, bedding covers, towels, mats, bathroom accessories and hygiene-related products.
Enjoy exclusive discounts with our partners when you shop at HipVan! Simply present your HipVan order confirmation email to our partners to enjoy these discounts!
Note: Coupon code will replace all bundle discounts.
Store credits earned
Sorry, It seems like some items in your cart are no longer available.
If you have any questions regarding our sales, products, delivery, or anything at all, we are here to answer them! Simply get in touch through the form below or email us at wecare@hipvan.com. We will get back to you right away!