Designed with simplicity in mind, the Hoyt Chair is anything but basic. Keep conversations flowing by placing a pair of these chairs in a room. The square silhouette and smart lines look even better when two chairs sit together. Plush cushions, and padded bolsters (which are stitched in place to keep the arms looking crisp and comfortable) make this chair the perfect place to chat or just relax.
We worry about the details of your furniture so you don't have to.
- Frame: Kiln-dried hardwood frame (never particle board or pine).
- Joints: Corner-blocked, high-pressure stapled, and glued (screwed and doweled frames also available).
- Suspension: Unidirectional webbing (interwoven strips of nylon webbing that create a very stable platform for cushions).
- Cushions: Medium HR polyurethane foam. No flame retardants.
- 38" L x 36" D x 34" H
- Makes a great swivel chair. Call or email for details.
Don't see the right color? We have 100s of fabrics and leathers available at the Perch shop, including that perfect grey.
Sign up for a FREE virtual or in-home Design Consult!
Sign up for a FREE virtual Design Consult!
Wonderful Customer Service
The Perch team provides outstanding customer service! Very happy with our experience.
Our sofa is perfect and we couldn’t be happier
My daughter and I were vacationing in Portland and wandered into Perch furniture. We instantly fell in love with Perch and with the idea of finally finding a custom sofa that would fit our lifestyle and budget. Willi and Audrey were amazing in helping us create the perfect mix of simplicity, practicality and style for our mid-century home in Santa Fe.
Living room suite of furniture-PERFECT!
We ordered an entire living room full of Perch Furniture in the Quinn style! A sofa, love seat, chair AND ottoman. Shipping to Wyoming was no problem and the delivery and set up were a piece of cake.
Since we tossed out our vintage sleeper sofa and bought this one, I haven't been able to stop gushing about it! We loved that we could customize every detail in our order, from the type of fabric to the stuffing inside and Perch's customer service is top notch. We received spot-on design advice about the material and color of our sofa and if something goes wrong, the owners make house calls. (!!) The best part? Since we brought home the couch over a year ago, the cushions are still 100% firm. Amazing. Thank you Perch for making our couch-buying experience truly one of a kind!
Really comfy, easy to clean, and has maintained its shape
We are so happy with our experience at Perch! They were friendly and had suggestions for the best fabrics with little kids. We changed the depth of the sofa and width of the sides and also the filling on the cushions! It was so great that everything was customizable. The sofa is really comfy, easy to clean, and has maintained its shape since we bought it over 2 years ago. We regularly recommend them to friends!
Such a high degree of professionalism and friendliness
Our experience at Perch was a warm and streamlined process. Jon helped guide us through the wide range of cushions, fabrics, and styles with an easy-going attitude and sense of humor, while Willi was available throughout the order and delivery process to make sure we were satisfied. We love to support local businesses, particularly when they deliver with such a high degree of professionalism and friendliness, so we're very happy to have Perch in our community.
I love my couch! It matches perfectly with my 1920s rug. Now to find some throw pillows. You all have been so excellent to work with. (Penny agrees)
We had the pleasure of working with Audrey to customize a sectional to fit our space. She was incredibly helpful in guiding us through the process to finalize the style, size and fabric choice. Our sofa arrived and it was exactly what we wanted! Thank you Audrey and Perch Furniture!
Unlock endless possibilities for your business with Perch Furniture's Trade Account!
As a leading furniture manufacturing company, Perch Furniture offers exclusive benefits tailored for interior designers, architects, and industry professionals. Gain access to our diverse range of high-quality, customizable furniture collections at special trade pricing, along with dedicated support from our team of experts to bring your design visions to life. Elevate your projects with Perch Furniture's timeless designs, superior craftsmanship, and seamless trade experience.
Join our trade community today and redefine interiors with Perch Furniture.
Choose your exact dimensions & all style details.
Personalized Service
Founded by real people who truly care about your furniture.
Hand-built in the USA by skilled craftspeople.
Springs & frames are covered by our lifetime warranty.
With the Hawthorne Sofa you get more than a place for your cup of coffee on the extra-wide arm. You get a new escape in your own home. Drop into the comfortable (not too shallow, not too deep) seats and enjoy comfort that can't be overstated.
Designed with simplicity and sleekness in mind, the Hoyt Sectional is anything but basic. The sectional's square shape, tuxedo back, and crisp lines combine to create a simple silhouette that helps define a space, especially
The Bel Air offers simple, traditional elegance. This style’s narrow scoop arms look especially pretty in profile and help maximize seating space. The wood base paired with the cushions’ welted seams give the sofa a simple, streamlined look.
The Lowe sectional turns the notion that modern furniture is designed solely for style, not comfort, on its head. A low-slung frame, wide track arms, deep seats and plush cushions combine to create the ultimate spot for relaxing.
Create Your Perfect Furniture
Want to geek out on all the customization options? Schedule an in-home or virtual consultation.
Bring your ideas and interior design questions to the showroom and chat with our designers.
Have a vision for your dream sofa but can't find it? Share your ideas with our design team
Request Free Swatches
Order fabric and leather swatches to see how the material looks in your space.
Fabrics Tougher Than Your Fur Kids. Seriously!
Big Chairs for Big Game Days
The Bel Air chair invites you to sit down and read with its low arm, a just-right seat depth, and...
Low maintenance and lovely, the Belmont chair features a high, tight back and shelter arms padded with vertical channels. These...
The Burnside chair’s indulgent cushions, cozy arms and deep seat invite you to linger. This simple, contemporary chair plays nice...
The Carlisle Chair has a long list of timeless features. Its iconic T-cushions emphasize the lower rail and its elegant...
Introducing THE super comfy, ultra cozy sofa you need in your life. Sink in and stay awhile on the Burnside. Available in fabric, leather and fully custom!
What's new on the Blog
How BrightHive Designed the Perfect Custom Sofa with Perch Furniture
Looking for the perfect custom sofa for your space? BrightHive Organizing and Design worked with Perch to create a one-of-a-kind couch and chair tailored to their clients small living room.
Perch's Curvy Alameda Sofa Adds A Modern Touch to a Classic Portland Craftsman
A curvy, white boucle Alameda sofa is the focal point in the living room of the Swedish Bungalow--a classic craftsman home located in Portland's Hawthorne neighborhood.
Shop all collections
Frequently Asked Questions
You’re viewing 1-19 of 19 products
You’re viewing 1-36 of 36 products
Sorry, there are no products in this collection
You’re viewing 1-1 of 1 products
The highest price is $32.00
Specify Dimensions to the Inch
We can adjust the length, depth, and height of furniture to the inch so it exactly fits your comfort or space requirements.
Submit Your Own Furniture Design
We are happy to build furniture from customer-submitted CAD or line drawings.
Customize Bases and Legs
Have something beyond a basic leg in mind? We can fabricate custom wood or metal bases and legs, and finish colors, as well as source a wide variety of leg styles.
Choose Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) Certified Hardwood Construction
If you choose our FSC, we will use North American wood grown in compliance with the FSC standards on responsibly managed forests. We also dowel and screw all frames made with FSC wood.
Provide Your Own Material
Sometimes you fall in love with a fabric, leather, or other material that is outside our sourcing capability. Because of this, we welcome Customer's Own Material (COM) whenever appropriate.
Select Eco-Friendly Natural Fiber Fabrics
We offer 100% virgin New Zealand wool fabrics milled in the United Kingdom, as well as a range of natural fiber fabrics including linen, hemp, and cotton fabrics that meet the Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS) and Oeko-Tex 100 Certification.
First kisses. Bedtime stories. Lazy Sunday naps. Snuggles with a sweetie. Movie watching and popcorn eating.
Hugs. A lot of life’s best little moments happen on a couch. And we want to make sure yours is a good one.
We build furniture, but we also build a place where good things happen. Our family business was born during the great recession out of a firm belief that everyone deserves their perfect couch, even people with real-life budgets. Our goal is to help you create your dream furniture: couches, sectionals, chairs, beds and ottomans. Pieces that reflect your values, fit your lifestyle, and suit your budget.
The models you see online and in our Portland shop aren’t an end point. They’re a beginning. All of our furniture is built-to-order in the United States. That means we make it just for you, not a focus group. You can shop from our collection of standard styles and options, or you can choose to create totally custom furniture.
At a big box store, “custom” means you get to change the color of the fabric and the stain on the legs. At Perch, custom means, “made
exactly the way you want it.” You get to choose the dimensions. You get to select how soft or firm the cushions feel. You get to pick the fabric or leather and all of the little details like leg style and button placement. You get to choose eco options like latex, wool, and FSC-certified wood.
Custom also means collaboration. Show us your Pinterest boards, magazine clippings, and fabric swatches. Tell us what you love, be it a slipcovered-so-soft-you-sink-in sofa or a traditional, tufted headboard. With all your ideas on the table, we can help you choose styles that complement your home and dimensions that fit your space.
We invite you to stop in—either virtually or in person at our Portland furniture store—and let us help you create your perfect piece.
Jonathan Galloway, Co-founder
Jonathan planted the seeds for Perch on his honeymoon with his wife, and partner in all things, Willi. He wanted to open a small business by the time they turned 30. Five years later (and two weeks before Jonathan’s big 3-0), Perch opened its doors in Portland’s Pearl District. When he’s not dreaming up ideas for the shop, you can find Jonathan surfing the amazing—but chilly—waves found out on Oregon’s Coast.
Perch fulfills Willi’s lifelong interest in design—along with her desire to run a business that provides a service to the community. When she isn’t in the shop, you can find Willi in her garden (check out her book Grow Cook Eat: A Food-Lover’s Guide to Vegetable Gardening) or hiking the trails near Portland.
Amelia Budai, Design Program Lead
Amelia Budai’s secret super power is helping clients select the perfect combo of furniture for any room. (Her degree in Architecture comes in real handy with space planning). She has a fondness for beautiful patterns and boldly colored leather, and loves nothing more than helping clients dream up their dream couch. When she’s not in the shop, you can find her tooling around Portland on her adorable blue bicycle.
When Flavia isn’t graciously greeting customers, you can find her asleep on the job. She loves sleeping, eating, sleeping some more, and belly scratches. She was trained as guide dog by Guide Dogs for the Blind but was “career changed” because she is just too friendly to be a guide dog! Now she spends her day lolling about the shop and charming everyone she meets.
Perch Furniture is a truly custom furniture design studio. We partner with family-owned, Los Angeles-based manufacturers to create hand-made furniture. We've chosen our manufacturing partners carefully, and have been working with them for years. We also project manage production directly with our manufacturers, so customer questions, concerns, and (gulp) changes can all be accommodated by a Perch employee—never an outsourced customer service department.
Our furniture starts out as stacks of lumber, rolls of fabric, and sheets of foam; but people are the heart of it all. Woodworkers, fabric cutters, seamstresses. Real, talented craftspeople dedicated to building furniture just for you... not an inventory warehouse. Building our furniture in the heart of Los Angeles is important because we believe in getting to know the people who make our furniture, and doing our part to provide good jobs right here in the United States.
We love how our furniture looks on the outside because we know the quality inside. We use only the finest materials available, work with the best furniture building techniques (both traditional and modern), and pay attention to all the little details that contribute to how comfortable a sofa sits, how long a chair lasts, and how good a sectional looks.
Our standard construction includes:
- Kiln-Dried Hardwood Frame
- Non-Toxic Wood Glue
- Unidirectional Webbing Suspension
- certiPur Certified Polyurethane Foam
- Baffled Cluster Fiber Fill
- Custom Options. If you would like to customize a detail on a Perch style, or you have something completely custom in mind, just fill out our customization form and we will be in touch with a qutoe.
Click a category below to get the answer to our question. If you don’t see your question listed, please call us at 503-208-5128.
How long does shipping and delivery take?
In the Portland metro area, our lead time is 12 to 14 weeks. For the rest of the continental United States, lead times will include 2 to 4 additional weeks for shipping.
Due to current supply chain challenges, please note that the lead time(s) provided at the time of sale are a representation of our understanding, in the moment, of the furniture or component part’s future availability. Lead times are subject to change and are influenced by many factors outside of our control. We will keep you advised of any delays that arise as the information is received.
Can I pick my furniture up?
We offer Will Call services for furniture delivered to Portland. A $125 fee applies, and furniture that is picked up by you (or your representative) from our delivery service warehouse must be inspected at the warehouse and signed off on as "in good condition" before it will be released to you. Perch cannot accept responsibility for any damage that occurs once the furniture is released.
What if my furniture doesn't fit?
The customer is responsible for verifying building access and all entry measurements (doorways, stairwells, elevators, etc.). Additional delivery charges may be assessed for walkups or extra time spent if the furniture does not fit via normal means. Furniture that does not fit will be refunded in store credit only and original shipping fees will not be credited. Additional shipping and delivery charges will apply to orders that use store credit.
Can I choose a custom dimension?
Absolutely. We can customize dimensions to the inch (including custom length, depth, and height of the frame and seat height and depth). We also can adjust details like the width of arms. Please get in touch with us to discuss your custom dimension needs.
Do you offer Eight-way hand tied springs?
Yes! Eight-way-hand-tied springs can be added to most styles.
Do you offer other leg and base options?
Yes, we can build custom alder wood bases that can be stained a variety of colors, or painted. We also offer custom metal bases and legs in a variety of finishes, including brass, antiqued brass, bronze, and black, as well as chrome and brushed finishes. Powder coating for metal bases is also available, and we can add casters and ferrules to wood legs.
Are other wood colors and wood species available?
Yes, we can build solid wood bases out of maple, white oak, and black walnut. We can also stain our standard alder wood bases in a range of colors.
Can I choose to add welts or change the seam style?
Yes, we can add welting to any style that comes standard with top-stitched seams. We can also remove welts from any frame that comes standard with them and use topstitched seams instead.
Can I add or remove button tufting details?
Yes, we can add button tufting, grid seams, and diamond tufting. Or, if you like a sofa that has these details but would prefer it without, we can also remove them.
Can I add or remove nail heads?
Yes, nail heads are a finish that we can add or remove from any style. We offer them in a wide range of shapes, sizes, and colors.
The fabrics available online aren't quite what I am looking for. Are there other options?
Yes, we have a lot of other options available in our shop.
Can I provide my own fabric or leather?
We work with Customer's Own Material (COM). Get in touch and we can let you know how much material is needed. Please ship COM to:
Do you offer Nanotex or other stain treatments?
We do offer some fabrics that can be treated with Nanotex, but we do not apply stain treatments at our factory. In the Portland-metro area, we recommend Fiber-Seal if you are interested in treating your furniture after delivery.
What Eco-friendly options do you offer?
- Natural fiber fabrics that meet either (or both) the Oeko-Tex Standard 100 and Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS).
- 100% Natural Latex. The latex is used in place of polyurethane foam on the frame and in seat cushions.
- FSC certified hardwood frames.
- NonToxic Wood Glue. FDA approved for indirect food contact, and passes ANS/HPVA TypeII water resistance.
- Wool Batting. Sourced from Northern California, this batting can be used in placed of Dacron on the frame and cushions.
Can I return my furniture after delivery?
We take pride in the finish quality and construction of our furniture. Because each piece is made-to-order, our furniture is non-cancellable, non-returnable, and non-refundable with the exception of manufacturer defects or damages. In the event of a return, delivery charges are not refundable. All sales of floor models are considered "as-is" and are non-returnable, non-refundable, and do not carry a warranty.
Where is your furniture made?
We are proud to make our upholstered furniture in Los Angeles, California.
Where can I sit on your furniture?
We have a showroom in Portland, Oregon in the vibrant Pearl District.
Do you offer a trade discount?
Yes. Perch Furniture offers a trade discount to interior designers, architects, commercial developers, and the hospitality industry. See our contact page for more details about the program.
Where is Perch Furniture located?
Our showroom is in Portland's vibrant Beaumont Village Shopping District at 4519 NE Fremont Street, Portland, OR 92713. We are located right next to Prince Coffee!
Street parking is often available right in front of our shop or in the residential area immediately surrounding our shop. We find that there is often close parking if you turn north on 45th Avenue or 46th Avenue.
We are open from 11:00 am to 5:00 pm everyday, except Tuesday when we are open by appointment (appointments on Tuesdays are available between the hours of 10:00 am and 5:00 pm). We have private shopping appointments and virtual design appointments available daily. You can book private in-store and virtual appointments here. If those hours are not convenient for you, give us a ring at 503-208-5128! We are always happy to try and work with your schedule.
Do you offer design services?
We offer complimentary in-home design consultations in the Portland-metro area and virtual appointments for clients located elsewhere. Call the shop at 503-208-5128 to book an in-home consult.
Want a Free Design Consult?
Need to schedule a design consult or ask our experts a question? Fill out the form below and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.