Alf (tall) and Bud (short) are a friendly pair of side tables, different in size and shape but sharing in characteristic material and form. Silhouette hand turned pedestals in solid ebonised oak with natural oak finished tops.
Ready to ship: 5-10 working days
Shipping guide: UK for £32
Dimensions: Alf: ø400 x 570h mm
Customise: This piece is made to order which allows us to give some ﬂexibilty to you if you need to specify alternative dimensions or a different timber/ finish. We work closely with the trade to develop bespoke and exclusive commissions for larger schemes.
Order by phone: +44 (0)1482 679862 — Shipping Worldwide
items — Checkout: £0
Sideboards & Cabinets
Bespoke / Trade / Retail
shipping information
There are currently no items in your cart
Stools, footstools, chairs, benches and upholstery
(NEW) Spline Footstool (480)
(New) Parlour Chair (Upholstered)
Signature (Backrest) Bench
Fluted Footstool (550)
Signature (Cushion) Bar Stool (4)
Signature (Cushion) Bar Stool (3)
Peninsula (Side) Chair
Moonshine Footstool (four leg)
Passing Colour Stool (EDITION SOLD OUT)
Signature Bar Stool (3)
Signature Bar Stool (4)
Signature (Cushion) Bench
(Perfectly) Imperfect Stool
Stands, side tables, coffee tables, desks, dining tables and consoles
(New) Metro (Occasional) Table
(New) Concertina Dining Table
(New) Octagon Side Table
(New) Concertina Coffee Table
(New) Twin Polygon Oval Table
(New) Dupla Dining Table
(New) Bobbin Dining Table
Waney Edge Ingot Tables
Bastion Dining Table
(New) Feathergrass Console Table
Buronzu (Comb) Dining Table
Deep North (Waney) Tables
Capsule Ingot Dining Table
Polygon Pedestal Dining Table
Peninsula Dining Table
Titan (Round) Dining Table
(Imperfect) Pedestal Table
Signature Round Dining Table
Peninsula Dressing Table
Twin Polygon Console
(Corner) Corner Side Table
Bobbin Console Table
Waney Edge Coffee Table
(NEW) Fluted Ingot Coffee Table
Polygon Pedestal Lamp Table
Coalescere Side Table
Fluted Column Side Table
Cocher Drinker's Table
Parted Block (EDITION SOLD OUT)
Polygon Pedestal Side Table
(NEW) Bobbin Shelving (Round)
Alf & Bud Side Tables
(Completely) Imperfect Side Table
(Perfect) Side Table
Pippy Oak Side Table
Byron (Mini) Side Table
Peninsula Bedside Table
Sideboards, media units, wardrobes and bedside cabinets
(NEW) Rippled Bedside Cabinet
(NEW) Konig Sideboard
Fluted (Media) Cabinet
Konig (Media) Cabinet
Konig (Display) Cabinet
Konig (Twin) Cabinet
Fluted Bedside Cabinet
Fluted Bedside Cabinet (with Drawer)
Beds and Bedside Tables
(New) Metro Table Lamp
Ready to ship furniture and accessories
Bridle Mirror (Round)
All new collections of Table Lamps, Floor Lamps, Wall Lights, Pendant and Ceiling Lights
Most of our furniture is made to order which allows us to give flexibilty to our clients when it comes to size and finish. If you need to specify alternative dimensions to fit a specific space or you’d like a version of one of our pieces in a different material or colour please get in touch. We can also finish our upholstered pieces in alternative fabrics.
We work on larger design projects and collaborations with brands. If you’d like to commission a bespoke collection or discuss a new design project give us a call: +44 (0)1482 679862
Our growth has meant us expanding our workshops and our team, allowing us to produce larger quantities of furniture for trade and contract sales to hotels, apartments, bars and restaurants and for larger schemes.
If you have an interior design project and would like to specify furniture from our existing collection or discuss our design and manufacturing service please get in touch: +44 (0)1482 679862
Image: Bankside Hotel, London
We sell our furniture wholesale to small independents and larger high street retailers. We’re happy to start with relatively small quantities to build relationships but comfortable with larger volumes. We were very proud to produce a special edition of our (Perfectly) Imperfect Stool for Heal’s and the current Brocklesby Ash Collection for The White Company.
If you’d like to commission an exclusive collection or become a stockist please email us at: mail@galvinbrothers.co.uk
Jennifer Haslam / YOU
We opened our first shop in our home town Beverley on 1st April 2014. It brings together all of the Galvin Brothers furniture, as well as homewares, gifts, objects and curiosities; products that share some or all of those properties that define our high quality furniture.
The shop is open most days, but if you’d like to make an appointment to discuss a bespoke commission please give us a call or drop us a line.
Galvin Brothers Shop/ Studio
For shop and retail enquiries:
shop@galvinbrothers.co.uk
For trade and project enquiries:
mail@galvinbrothers.co.uk
Monday: by appointment
Tuesday: 10.30 — 17.00
Wednesday: 10.30 — 17.00
Thursday: 10.30 — 17.00
Friday: 10.30 — 17.00
Saturday: 10.30 — 17.00
Sunday: by appointment
If you need help placing or tracking
an order or with any other general
enquiries please contact us by email:
[1] Galvin Brothers shop/ studio
[2] In and out of focus
[3] A space for art and design
[4] Furniture... and such
[5] Studio work-in-progress
The Galvin Brothers shop is in the centre of Beverley, in the shadows of the town’s glorious Minster, and a two minute walk from Beverley train station.
Beverley is an hour or so from York and Leeds and not far from the majestic Humber Estuary and its famous Bridge.
If you’re paying us a special visit and would like to discuss a bespoke project please feel free to get in touch and make an appointment: +44 (0)1482 679862
Lighting is a presence, a mood and a quiet force that shapes how we experience a space; introducing the Metro Table Lamp.
The Metro Table is an occasional table designed for those who think beyond convention.
A Bastion is a form of protection, a stronghold—something that offers both shelter and strength. Our new Bastion Bench takes its name from this sense of balance, carefully designed to feel solid yet effortless, grounded yet light.
You can now shop a collection of Galvin Brothers pieces, ready to ship.
Stylish & Functional; the Fluted Bedside Cabinet is the perfect bedside companion.
We’re delighted to see our bespoke Capsule Ingot Dining Tables in this beautiful modernist home, commissioned by Studio Ashby and featured in the latest issue of H&G.
Comfort and simplicity; the Frisson Chair is a contemporary take on a classic side chair and the latest addition to our dining chair collection.
Coalescere — translates as 'grow together’ and we took this as a starting point for an infinite series of cylindrical incremental stacked sculptural volumes. We translated these forms into various leg arrangements for the Coalescere Collection.
Traditional in detail, elegant in proportions; this is our Bobbin Console Table in walnut.
Classical forms meet modern aesthetics, our Fluted Column Side Table is the latest addition to our collection.
We’re thrilled to receive the Home & Gardens Award for Highly Commended Furniture Design. We take a closer look at our winning design, the Fluted (Media) Cabinet.
A glance behind the scenes as we continue to install our sculptural beacons on the Yorkshire coastal path.
Galvin Brothers was formed in November 2012 as a new handcrafted furniture business, building upon our father’s 60 plus years of joinery and cabinet making experience.
Our aim back then was to design and manufacture thoughtful furniture using the best quality timbers, revisiting traditional techniques in modern ways.
Our business has now grown to include a broad team of talented craftspeople, and whilst our remit has expanded our focus remains the same.
[1] The late Tony Galvin, 2015
[2] The Tear Drop Table
[3] Design delivered through craft
CRAFTSMANSHIP / SUSTAINABILITY
For us, good craftsmanship and sustainability go hand in hand. All of our furniture is made lovingly in our own workshops by hand, so we are careful with materials at every stage of the process.
All of the timber that we use is from sustainable sources with certification from Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC).
Sustainability is engrained in everything we do — making furniture that is designed to maintain its value and integrity for future generations is what underpins this.
[4] Work-in-progress: Fluted Stool
[5] Galvin Brothers workshop, 2019
Since our launch back in November 2012 our business has expanded with a growing collection of furniture, an extension to our workshops and the opening of our first shop in Beverley, East Yorkshire. We have sold furniture to domestic customers all over the country and in to contract environments for clients as far as Australia.
In 2013 we were nominated for Designer of the Year in the prestigious Elle Decoration British Design Awards, and we continue to be extremely flattered by all of the interest we receive from writers and design lovers all over the world.
As we grow, our agenda remains the same; to create well made furniture with simple forms and with an eye for detail — designed and manufactured with the best materials entirely in the UK.
[8] Cocher Side Table
[9] The Galvin Brothers shop
We create timeless, distinctive handcrafted furniture from our studio/ shop and workshop in East Yorkshire, England.
At the heart of our work is a dynamic harmony between designing and making; a collaboration energised by ideas that are realised through the dexterity and wit of ﬁne craftmanship.
We think carefully about process and materials, as well context and function, to make reﬁned and meaningful objects that are designed to endure and built to last.
The Coalescere Side Table has four of these hand turned legs, with a solid timber top, finished with burnt orange suede. Available with a round or rectangular top. Well placed sofa or bedside.
[>] take a closer look
Chic and timeless the Rippled Bedside is made from character timber, with twin doors, an adjustable internal shelf and finished with solid brass butt hinges and inset brass finger plates.
Our new Bobbin Bed features four gently tapering bobbin bed posts, creating both stability and poise. The bed is steeped in tradition yet its dynamic wood turnings bring modernity to its silhouette.
Our current ‘special ticket’ item is our (Perfect) Side Table.
A special edition piece, made with our hand-turned imperfect (mis)shaped legs.
From time to time we’ll update you with new furniture, in-stock items and ‘special ticket’ limited editions — sign up to keep in touch.
Learn more about our Privacy Policy.
Timbers and materials:
Our Cutler's Stool is a modern interpretation of an old workshop archetype, designed in collaboration with Corin Mellor from David Mellor Design.
Sticking with the spirit of the original this piece is never 'over-finished' — so the saw tooth and the swipe of a draw knife are left as echoes of the method of manufacture — creating a rustic and idiosyncratic seat with the same quirks as its predecessor.
Shipping guide: UK for £21
Dimensions: 400w x 200d x 460h mm
Bespoke: We work closely with the trade to develop bespoke variations for exclusive commissions for commercial interiors, art projects and larger schemes.