Welcome to your destination for authentic modern design, where every piece is thoughtfully considered to bring style and function to your home. Our curated collection features the very best in modern furniture, modern lighting, and modern home accessories from globally renowned brands that exemplify quality and craftsmanship.
At HORNE, we are dedicated to offering a carefully curated selection of authentic modern design. Explore our exclusive collection of modern lighting, furniture, and home accessories sourced from the finest brands worldwide.
HORNE curates timeless, authentic modern design from around the globe—celebrating iconic craftsmanship and the vision of today’s leading designers through a refined collection of furniture, lighting, and decor.
Alissa Parker-Walker + Ryan Walker (Co-Founders)
Whether you are looking for a hand-crafted lighting fixture from Serge Mouille (hand-made in France since the 1950's), an industrial design from Original BTC (manufactured in a Green factory in the UK) or a sophisticated piece of wood furniture from Nikari (handmade in Finland) - HORNE is proud to offer only the finest in authentic modern design. What's better? We are fanatical about our customer service and modern decor. We are always happy to help, no matter the project, and look forward to talking with you. Send us an email (hello@shopHORNE.com) or give us a call, 877-404-6763.
Gubi's Multi-lite | Portable Edition
Apply for Trade Pricing Today
HORNE offers a competitive trade discount to qualifying interior designers and architects. From your initial quote to final delivery arrangements, our trade-savvy team is here to assist you with your project from start to finish.
Build Your Outdoor Space with Cane Line
Cane Line cleverly combines natural, innovative materials, to curate an eco-conscious, authentic, and versatile collection of timeless outdoor pieces. Every...
Read MoreSet Your Summer Table: 12 Pieces for the Perfect Dinner Party
Curating an exquisite summer table is an art. But beauty is easy to find when you know the right brands,...
Read MoreCan Lis Inspirations Realized by Ferm Living
Jørn Utzon is most recognized as the designer of the Sydney Opera House. This Mid-Century masterpiece is truly a timeless...
Read MoreGet the Look: Style Your Home Like a Copenhagen Airbnb
Keeping us all in vogue as usual, Architectural Digest published an assemblage of Copenhagen’s most stylish Airbnbs. If you’ve ever...
Read MoreFamily-Owned & Handcrafted Modern Lights with Original BTC
Utilizing local artisans and centuries-old techniques, Original BTC focuses on the family-owned, handcrafted, and eco-friendly tenets vital to the longevity...
Read More10 Portable Lamps to Light the Way
Whoever said the lantern is dead, hasn’t perused our catalogue of modern lighting concepts. Steeped in a history of versatility,...
Read MoreWhat Size Rug Works Best with a Sectional Sofa?
A sofa is the centerpiece of a living room—it’s where you gather, unwind, or maybe even take a nap (no...
{"statementLink":"","footerHtml":"","hideMobile":false,"hideTrigger":false,"disableBgProcess":false,"language":"en","position":"left","leadColor":"#000000","triggerColor":"#000000","triggerRadius":"50%","triggerPositionX":"right","triggerPositionY":"bottom","triggerIcon":"people","triggerSize":"medium","triggerOffsetX":20,"triggerOffsetY":20,"mobile":{"triggerSize":"small","triggerPositionX":"right","triggerPositionY":"bottom","triggerOffsetX":10,"triggerOffsetY":10,"triggerRadius":"50%"}}
The latest and greatest are here. Shop our new arrivals and just launched designs in everything from industrial lighting and rugs to modern furniture and accessories. Our new items are destined to bring style to every room in the house, whether you’re hoping to add a new kitchen light fixture or simply want to refresh your bedroom with new pillows and linens.
Consider these the future classics — pieces we’ve carefully curated to fit the modern home, sourced from all over the world and designed for the way you live now. We add new arrivals to the shop every week, so continue to check back to see if there’s something new at Horne that you can’t live without.
Are you ready to elevate your living space to new heights of elegance and sophistication? Look no further than our exquisite collection of luxury furniture. At our store, we believe that furniture is not just a functional necessity, but a form of art that has the power to transform any space into a sanctuary of beauty and comfort.
Our curated selection of furniture pieces combines timeless craftsmanship with contemporary design, offering you the opportunity to create a truly unique and personalized home. From sleek and minimalist styles to opulent and ornate designs, we have furniture options to suit every taste and aesthetic.
One of our standout pieces is the Bell Pendant, a true masterpiece that seamlessly blends form and function. Crafted with meticulous attention to detail, this pendant light adds a touch of modern elegance to any room. Its iconic bell shape creates a captivating focal point, while the warm glow of the light creates a cozy and inviting atmosphere.
Our furniture is not only visually stunning, but also built to last. We source our materials from the finest suppliers and work with skilled artisans who take pride in their craft. Each piece is carefully constructed using traditional techniques and modern technology, ensuring durability and longevity.
When you choose our luxury furniture, you are not just investing in a piece of decor, but in a lifestyle. Our furniture has the power to enhance your everyday life, creating a space that reflects your personality and brings you joy. Whether you're furnishing a cozy apartment or a grand mansion, our collection has something to suit your needs.
Experience the transformative power of exquisite furniture. Visit our store today and discover the endless possibilities for creating a space that is truly your own.
Lighting is not just a practical necessity; it is an art form that has the power to transform any space into a mesmerizing sanctuary. At HORNE, we believe that lighting is the key to creating a warm and inviting atmosphere that reflects your unique style and personality.
Our collection of modern lighting fixtures is carefully curated to offer you the perfect blend of functionality and aesthetics. From sleek and minimalist designs to bold and statement-making pieces, we have something to suit every taste and preference.
Imagine the warm glow of a pendant lamp illuminating your dining area, casting a soft and inviting light over your table as you gather with loved ones for a delicious meal. Or picture a pendant lamp suspended above your reading nook, creating a serene ambiance that invites you to curl up with a good book and escape into a world of imagination.
What sets our lighting collection apart is our commitment to quality and craftsmanship. We source our lighting fixtures from artisans who share our passion for creating pieces that are not only visually stunning but also built to last.
At HORNE, we understand that choosing the right lighting for your space can be a daunting task. That's why our team of experts is here to guide you every step of the way. Whether you're looking to create a cozy ambiance in your living room or a dramatic statement in your entryway, we will help you find the perfect lighting solution that meets your needs and exceeds your expectations.
Illuminate your space with style and elegance. Explore our collection of modern lighting fixtures today and discover the transformative power of lighting.
Are you ready to create an outdoor oasis that will leave your guests in awe? Look no further than HORNE, your one-stop destination for luxury outdoor furniture, lighting, and accessories. Our carefully curated collection is designed to elevate your outdoor space and transform it into a haven of style and relaxation.
At HORNE, we believe that your outdoor space should be an extension of your home, reflecting your unique taste and personality. That's why we offer a wide range of exquisite outdoor furniture that combines comfort, durability, and exceptional design. From sleek and modern lounge chairs to elegant dining sets, our collection has everything you need to create a stunning outdoor living area.
But it's not just about furniture. Lighting plays a crucial role in setting the mood and ambiance of your outdoor space. That's why we also offer a selection of unique lighting fixtures that will add a touch of magic to your evenings. Whether you prefer the soft glow of lanterns or the contemporary elegance of pendant lights, our lighting collection has something for every style and preference.
And let's not forget about the accessories. The right accessories can truly elevate your outdoor space and make it feel like a luxurious retreat. From stylish outdoor rugs and cushions to decorative planters and fire pits, our accessories collection will help you add those finishing touches that will make your outdoor space truly unforgettable.
At HORNE, we are passionate about quality and craftsmanship. That's why we carefully curate our collection to include only the finest pieces from renowned designers and artisans. Each item is meticulously crafted using the highest quality materials, ensuring that your outdoor space will not only look stunning but also stand the test of time.
Transform your outdoor space into a sanctuary of style and relaxation with HORNE. Browse our collection of luxury outdoor furniture, lighting, and accessories today and let your imagination run wild. Create an outdoor space that will be the envy of all your neighbors and a place where memories are made.
Experience the HORNE difference and elevate your outdoor living with our exquisite collection. Shop now and make your outdoor dreams a reality!
Are you ready to elevate your dining experience to new heights? At HORNE, we believe that every meal should be a feast for the senses, and that starts with a beautifully set table. Our collection of luxury cutlery from Cutipol is the perfect way to add a touch of elegance and sophistication to your kitchen and dining space.
With a combination of artisanal traditions and modern technology, Cutipol products are some of the finest modern pieces available. Each piece is meticulously crafted to perfection, ensuring that every meal is a work of art. From sleek and minimalist designs to intricate and ornate patterns, our collection offers something for every taste and style.
Whether you're hosting a formal dinner party or enjoying a casual meal with loved ones, our luxury cutlery sets allow you to create a table setting that is truly unique. Mix and match different sets to create your own personalized combination, or choose a complete set for a cohesive and coordinated look.
But our passion for exquisite design doesn't stop at cutlery. At HORNE, we also offer a wide range of stylish lighting options to enhance the ambiance of your space. One of our standout pieces is the Bell Pendant. With its iconic bell shape and attention to detail, this ceiling lamp adds a modern and original touch to any room.
At HORNE, we believe that every detail matters when it comes to creating a memorable dining experience. That's why we offer a range of high-quality products that are designed to elevate your kitchen and dining space. From luxury cutlery to stylish lighting, our collection is curated with care to ensure that you find the perfect pieces to reflect your personal style.
So why settle for ordinary when you can have extraordinary? Explore our collection today and discover the art of creating a stunning table setting.
At HORNE, we understand the importance of creating a comfortable and relaxing space in your home. Our goal is to provide you with high-quality products that will enhance your bedroom and bathroom experience.
Whether you're looking for luxurious bedding, plush towels, or stylish bathroom accessories, we have a wide selection to choose from. Our products are carefully curated to ensure that they meet our standards of quality and style.
Welcome to HORNE, where you can find a wide range of modern accessories to enhance the style and functionality of your home. We understand the importance of finding the perfect pieces to complement your personal taste and elevate your living space. That's why we offer a carefully curated selection of modern accessories that are both stylish and practical.
A modern homes design aesthetic doesn’t have to stop at the baby’s door. Find everything you need to have the coolest kids room on the block with our kids’ and baby furniture at Horne. Don’t fall into the trapping of what kid decor should be. Instead, focus on bringing in modern designs and contemporary furniture that will grow with your kids from the nursery years to their very first apartment. Our modern kids and baby designs will fit your modern aesthetic, but still be fun for kiddos too. You’ll find whimsical items from brands like Oeuf and Fort Standard along with beautiful children’s designs from Spot on Square, David Weeks and more. We’ve got moderm toys, accessories, furniture and more so that kids can be kids, and your home can still feel like yours.
Our modern furniture sale is high on style, but easy on the wallet. Search for pieces that fit your budget with our selection of sale items, with new items being added regularly. You’ll find deep discounts on modern furnishings, contemporary lighting, home accessories, rugs and more. Check back to find new sale additions for every room in the house. You’ll find big savings on everything from Tom Dixon lights to Artek chairs, including discounts on last season favorites.
At Horne, we believe that a taste in high style does not need to compromise your budget, which is why our sale section is always being added to. Plus, save big on any order over $75 which ships free.
Looking to spruce up your living space? Look no further! At HORNE, we've got you covered with our wide selection of in stock modern furniture, lighting, and decor. Whether you're a minimalist or a maximalist, we have something to suit your unique style and taste.
Our modern furniture collection features sleek designs and clean lines that will instantly elevate the look of any room. From stylish sofas and chairs to functional storage solutions, our furniture pieces are not only aesthetically pleasing but also built to last. Say goodbye to boring and hello to fabulous!
Illuminate your home with our stunning lighting options. Our collection includes statement pendant lights, chic table lamps, and eye-catching floor lamps. Let there be light (and style) in every corner of your space! With our modern lighting fixtures, you can create the perfect ambiance for any occasion.
We're thrilled to introduce our latest arrivals, featuring an array of stunning lighting solutions that will brighten your world.
Whether you're searching for elegant pendant lights to elevate your dining area, modern table lamps to enhance your workspace, or outdoor fixtures to illuminate your garden, we have something special for everyone.