Guardsman Gold Complete Plus Plan
Guardsman's comprehensive Furniture Protection Plan protects your new fabric, leather, and wood furniture investment for a period of 5 years.
Guardsman Gold Complete Plus Furniture Protection Plans cover the accidental stains and damage of a life well-lived. When you need us, we’ll send an expert technician to restore your fabric, leather, wood, and other hard-surface furniture to a look you’ll love a long, long time
*Guardsman plan only applicable to furniture sold by Jensen-Lewis and must be purchased prior to furniture delivery.
Guardsman Gold Complete Plus Plan Brochure
Guardsman Gold Complete Plus Plan Contract
🖨️ Print Product Sheet
Save 10% on Vermont made solid wood heirloom quality furniture.
Designed to last a lifetime - or more!
Sale ends Monday 6/9/25.
Largest Selection in New York
The World's Most Comfortable Sleeper Sofa!
The Comfort Sleeper by American Leather redefined the custom sofa bed industry, elevating it to a new level of comfort. With over a dozen styles available, from transitional to modern sleeper sofas and sectionals, you’re sure to find the best centerpiece to your living room.
Find your perfect chair!
Find your perfect chair with the largest selection of Recliners in New York! Featuring manual, motorized, zero gravity, concealed or separate footrest models available in leather and fabric!
Come seat for yourself at our 3rd Ave showroom!
New York's Best Modern Furniture Store
We offer the largest selection of the newest designs and major quality brands all at guaranteed lowest prices*.
Stop by and check out our collections!
Book a Design Appointment
Shipping Information
Guaranteed Lowest Prices
We match competitor pricing.
Deluxe Inside Delivery
Assembled, placed and debris removed.
Visit, call, chat or email us.
In 1886 Charles Jensen did not set out to be a furniture retailer. In fact, he was a sailmaker, par excellence. His specialty: canvas sails for both pleasure and commercial craft. In 1921 Edward Lewis started a company in custom-made canvas awnings for residential as well as business use. It was not until 1932 that these two canvas craftsmen joined forces to become Jensen-Lewis, the premier maker of canvas awnings in New York City. Thus when the company began selling canvas furniture in 1964, it was a natural outgrowth of both Charles Jensen's and Edward Lewis' endeavors.
The Jensen-Lewis Furniture Store opened its doors in 1964 selling canvas sofas and chairs; but we quickly expanded our collections. Today our store is very contemporary and full of intelligently designed modern furniture - our line is international in scope. We are constantly introducing our customers to new and innovative styles of the highest quality; but when a design proves to be a classic we add it to our permanent collection.
A Jensen-Lewis printing block from the early 1950's showing the award winning canvas awnings at the Saucon Valley Country Club in Bethlehem, PA.
It’s exactly this thoughtful blend of the new and the tried-and-true that makes Jensen-Lewis New York’s most exciting furniture store. We offer you this web site as an introduction to our store. Please come in and see for yourself. Our showroom in Manhattan totals over 15,000 square feet for a genuinely grand furniture shopping experience. Choose from a wide selection of modern sofas, recliners, bedrooms, dining rooms, wall systems, home offices, and accessories - they’re all here at truly reasonable prices. Jensen-Lewis - where you furnish your home with that New York style.
Jensen-Lewis Furniture is New York's best Contemporary and Modern Furniture Store.
*Appointments are not required to visit the store during normal business hours.
Book a free 1 hour session with an interior design professional at Jensen-Lewis!
We understand that Interior Design can be overwhelming. Whether you're working on re-furnishing an old living space, designing a new apartment or constructing a new home, we have ASID accredited staff designers that can help. Our designers will work with you to create an environment that will suit you personally.
Should you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call 212-434-0990 or email us.
Design Trade Program
Our design trade program offers
- 30 + years of working with the industries top manufacturers.
- Special "For the Trade" pricing on the majority of our lines.
- Exclusive promos and incentives.
- Nationwide deluxe shipping and installation.
- Dedicated customer service.
Join Our Trade Program
We currently only ship within the continental USA.
We are currently not able to ship to ID, MT, WY, ND, SD, NE and MN (north of MPLS). *Please contact us for information regarding deliveries with stairs.
Cost - Delivery charges are calculated from the volume of the order and will be added during the checkout process. All Bedframes and Dining Tables will be assembled for no additional charge. We ask that our customers measure all doorways, hallways and elevators to ensure fit. If a product does not fit into the home, additional disassembly and reassembly within the home services may be available. There is an additional charge for deliveries involving stairs. These costs vary and if this is a concern, please let us know and we can quote you a price.
Tax - We do not collect or report sales tax on any order shipped outside of New York or New Jersey. Jensen-Lewis will collect the appropriate tax in accordance to the county of which the furniture is delivered to. This will be added to your final total.
Timeframe - All lead times are approximate and subject to change at any time. We promise to do the best we can to get your product to you within the specified timeframe. In stock orders delivered to within the Tri-State area (NY, NJ, CT) will be delivered within 1-4 weeks. Special orders and orders outside the immediate local area will have varying lead times. Please contact us for more specific information.
Shipping - All orders will be delivered via a deluxe delivery service. This is the absolute best delivery method to ensure that the furniture will arrive undamaged. It will be brought inside your home, assembled, placed where you would like it and all debris will be removed. Our delivery people will not move or take away your existing furniture. We cannot guarantee an inside delivery with situations involving stairs. Please contact us for information. Delivery times and cost will vary according to destination. We do ship nationwide however due to some manufacturers' sales limitations, we are not allowed to ship all brands nationally. Please contact a store representative for specific information.
Measuring for Fit - Please visit our Measuring for Fit page. If you realize that an order that you have placed will not fit into your home or have more specific questions, please contact us immediately.
Delivery Procedure - Deliveries within the Tri-State area will be delivered in the home, set up and debris removed. Some products will require minor assembly. If you are unsure about if the product you purchased requires light assembly, please contact us. All merchandise has been carefully checked prior to delivery. Please take the time to personally and thoroughly inspect the merchandise while the delivery company is present. If there should be any problems, do not sign any forms before contacting the store where we will assist you. Your signature is acknowledging that the furniture has arrived undamaged and to your satisfaction. This absolves any fault of the delivery company and will consequentially leave little recourse in the event of problems found after the fact.
We take our competition seriously. So seriously that we guarantee the lowest prices on items we sell. If you find a lower price on a regular item we sell, we will gladly match the price.* We want you to be confident in your purchasing decision with us.
- Price matching will require a link to an authorized retailer website or a submission of an identical quote with full details in writing. Jensen-Lewis reserves the right to validate competitor pricing prior to honoring any price match.
- We cannot match prices where the other retailer does not offer white glove delivery to our trading area.
- Our price matching requires comparable delivery services and will not include tax. We are legally obligated to collect tax on deliveries within the states of NY and NJ.
- Price match applies to new product only and does not apply to clearance, returns, discontinued, close-out items or prior sales.
- Price match does not apply to discounts arising from a store reward point system. (Reward points, membership programs, bonus bucks, store credit card discounts, etc.)
- All price matching is subject to manufacturer's minimum pricing restrictions.
1. Payment. A deposit equal to 50% of the net purchase price is required to commence an order or reserve merchandise. Balances are due in full for in stock/on hand merchandise before they are released to the delivery company. For special orders, balances are due when the merchandise arrives in our warehouse.
(a) Estimated Delivery Periods. Estimated Delivery Periods for specially ordered goods are based on our most up to date information. As a result of the pandemic, delivery times may be longer than quoted. It is possible and beyond our control that your order will arrive later than the estimated shipping time. In the event of possible delays, there are no cancellations on special order merchandise.
(b) Redelivery Charges. Delivery is made by independent carriers. Failure to be home for a scheduled delivery will result in a redelivery charge.
(c) Furniture Size. You are responsible for determining that merchandise will fit through doorways, corridors, and elevators. Please see our Measuring Furniture for Fit guide for assistance.
(d) Delivery Times. Normal delivery hours for local deliveries are 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. Delays may occur however, due to traffic conditions or other unforeseen events and in no event will Jensen-Lewis Co., Inc. be held responsible.
(e) Delivery Policy. All merchandise has been carefully checked prior to your delivery. Please take the time to personally inspect the merchandise while the delivery team is in your home. If there should be any question or concern, please do not sign any forms before contacting the store at (212) 434-0990 where we will assist you.
We do not recommend letting doormen or third parties handle receiving. If this is necessary, we will need prior written permission. All responsibility for a third party delivery lies with the customer and not Jensen-Lewis or MVN / Ukay Home Delivery.
3. Errors. Errors in pricing and arithmetic are subject to correction. We reserve the right to cancel any order at any time.
4. Upholstery. Jensen-Lewis does not guarantee the durability, color fastness, fade resistance or shrinkage of fabrics, vinyls, or leather products. We do not assume responsibility for shade variations between samples and the final product due to the possibility of different dye lots.
5. Wood. Wood is a natural product and is subject to variations in color, texture, and grain. Wood characteristics naturally occurring such as variations in color, grain, mineral streaks, pinholes and knots are not considered defects. Samples are a way to give the idea of the overall look of your furniture, but not to show an exact replica.
6. Cancellation and Return Policy. For stock items, Jensen-Lewis Co., Inc. will make refunds within 10 days of purchase providing the merchandise is returned in original factory packaging and in new condition. Customer will be responsible for the actual round trip shipping charge and a 15% restocking fee. Refunds will be in the form of a store credit or credited back to the original credit card. No cash refunds will be given at any time.
For special orders, a cancellation must be made within 3 days of purchase in writing. After 3 days, a cancellation fee of 50% will be imposed. We reserve the right to cancel any order at any time by notifying you in writing and returning any monies received by us. Floor samples and sale items are final sale and not returnable.
7. Warranty. We make no warranty, express or implied, or merchantability. There are no warranties beyond those given by the manufacturer and those in this sales agreement. Jensen-Lewis Co., Inc. will assist the customer in processing warranty claims with the manufacturer.
Living Room Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Home Office Furniture
Entertainment Furniture
There are a few things that should be known before exploring this section. Most sofas, chairs and sectionals are available as a sofa, love seat, chair, ottoman and sometimes as sectional sofa pieces. Our upholstery and leather furniture is available in a wide array of fabrics and colors. Occasionally coffee tables will have a matching end and console table.
Alessandro Sofa Collection
Optima Portofino Sofa
Peggy Sofa Collection
Stella Sofa Collection
Menlo Park Sectional Sofa
Baseline Sectional Sofa
Carmet Sofa Collection
Emily Sofa w/ Chaise
Pacific Square Sectional Sofa
Parker Sofa Collection
Optima Portofino Recliner
Myflower Coffee Table
Carmet High Leg Sofa Collection
Simon Re-Invented Recliner
Reveal Lift-Top Coffee Table
Kaden Sofa Collection
Buckingham Sofa Collection
Cloud 9 Lift-Top Coffee Table
Cassius Coffee Table
Miles Motion Coffee Table
Trillo Motion Coffee Table
Terrace End Table 1156
Vitto 24'' Console table
Oslo Occasional table
This is the place to find all of our contemporary and modern dining room furniture. All modern pieces are listed individually and may or may not come with matching corresponding contemporary and modern dining tables, dining chairs, buffets, hutches, mirrors or dining benches. You can try to search with the name of the dining room furniture collection in the search section as well.
Quantum Dining Table
Minosse Dining Table
Exeter Extension Dining Table
Exeter Rectangular Glass Dining Table
Glisette Dining Chair
Audrey Extension Dining Table
Artistico Dining Table
Audrey Buffet and Hutch
Copenhagen Dining Table
Millennium Dining Table
Estelle Dining Chair
Prism Extension Dining Table
Catalina Buffet and Hutch
Mint High Back Dining Chair
Victor Extension Dining Table
Catalina Extension Dining Table
Catalina Round Extension Dining Table
Exeter Round Glass Dining Table
Audrey Fixed Dining Table
Vinci Rectangular Dining Table
Elodi 3 Drawer Buffet
Bliss Adjustable Barstool
Mint High Back Dining Armchair
We have modern bedroom furniture and contemporary bedroom furniture for everyone. Here you will find all of our bedroom pieces listed individually. Most all individual pieces will have a matching bed, armoire, dresser, chest, and nightstand. Additional pieces may be available such as matching dining room collections and/or other occasional pieces.
Maya Upholstered Storage Bed
Bora Bed with Wood Headboard
Linq 6 Drawer Dresser
Leila Upholstered Bed
Moduluxe Bed with Nightstands
Sloane Floating Platform Bed
Linq 22'' Nightstand
Linq 28'' Nightstand
Mimosa Tall Night Table
Kubik 5 Drawer Chest
Kubik 3 Drawer Chest
Kubik 6 Drawer Dresser
Kubik 2 Drawer Nightstand
Kubik 1 Drawer Nightstand
Absolute 3 Drawer Chest
Absolute 1 Drawer Nightstand
Absolute 5 Drawer Chest
Absolute 6 Drawer Dresser
Absolute 2 Drawer Nightstand
Absolute 1 Drawer XL Nightstand
Luna Wide Nightstand
Moduluxe 6 Drawer Dresser
Moduluxe 4 Drawer Chest
Moduluxe 5 Drawer Chest
Catalina 6 Drawer Dresser
Astrid 6 Drawer Dresser
Our modern home office furniture is thoughtfully designed and expertly crafted to create comfort while being productive. Whether desktop or laptop, used for work or play, we have the solution. Everything from contemporary desks, lift desks, credenzas, executive desks, office chairs and filing cabinets are found here.
Corridor Multifunction Cabinet 6520
Centro Lift Desk 6451
Voca Office Chair 3501
Consul Office Recliner
Onda High Back Office Chair
Magic Office Recliner
Centro Lift Desk 6452
Coda Office Chair 3521
Corridor Credenza 6529
Corridor Mobile File Pedestal 6507
Centro Three Drawer File Cabinet 6414
Centro Lateral Filing Cabinet 6416
Catalina File Cabinet
Centro Multifunction Cabinet 6417
Onda Mid Back Office Chair
Centro Mobile File Pedestal 6407
Catalina Credenza and Organizer
Linear Filing Cabinet
Linear Narrow Filing Cabinet
High Back Vero Office Chair
Mayfair Office Recliner
Invigo Sit Stand Desk
Bolo Office Chair 3531
Reno Office Recliner
Sunrise Office Recliner
View Office Recliner
Wing Office Recliner
Sequel 20 Compact Desk 6103
Sequel 20 Return 6112
Sequel 20 3-Drawer File Cabinet 6114
Sequel 20 60" Lift Desk 6151
Sequel 20 66" Lift Desk 6152
Sequel 20 Lateral File Cabinet 6116
Looking for contemporary entertainment furniture for that new living room or television? Look no further. We have everything from TV stands and TV cabinets to modular wall units and entertainment centers. We have modern entertainment furniture for every situation.
Corridor Wide-Low TV Cabinet 8173
Tanami Storage Cabinet
Corridor Corner TV Cabinet 8175
Corridor Audio Tower 8172
Corridor 8177 TV Cabinet
Corridor 8179 TV Stand
Corridor SV Media Cabinet 7128
Corridor SV Media Cabinet 7129
Align Low 4 Door TV Cabinet 7473
Align 3 Door TV Cabinet 7477
Align 4 Door TV Cabinet 7479
Mesa Storage Credenza 7639
Ripple Storage Credenza 7629
Profile Media + Storage Console 8477
Profile Media + Storage Console 8479
Elements Constellation 8703 TV Stand
Elements Tune 8703 TV Stand
Elements Weave 8703 TV Stand
Elements Constellation 8709 TV Stand
Elements Tune 8709 TV Stand
Elements Weave 8709 TV Stand
At Jensen-Lewis, we curate a collection that harmonizes comfort, quality, and luxury. Each piece is selected for its ability to provide both relaxation and style, ensuring ergonomic comfort and aesthetically pleasing options for our customers. Our focus is on offering furniture that reflects contemporary trends while retaining timeless appeal, creating a versatile and elegant selection.
We prioritize luxury and quality-driven craftsmanship by working with artisans who use the finest materials and techniques. This commitment guarantees that every item is not only visually stunning but also durable and long-lasting. We also emphasize value, offering high-quality furniture at fair prices to ensure our luxurious options are accessible.
Sustainability is a core value of our store. We choose pieces crafted with eco-friendly practices, aligning with our dedication to environmental responsibility. Additionally, our selection is defined by intelligent design and expert craftsmanship, featuring innovative and expertly made furniture that combines beauty with function. Our focus on heirloom quality and time-tested durability ensures that each piece is built to be cherished for generations.
American Leather is an exclusive producer of luxury leather furniture made in the USA. All of our furniture styles are designed to take full advantage of the natural beauty and unique characteristics of genuine leather, using only the finest quality, top grain hides available. All American Leather is made to order in your choice of style, frame, leather grade and color. We ensure that you receive only the highest quality product expertly tailored and endlessly comfortable.
Jensen-Lewis has been selling American Leather Furniture since 1991 and has the largest selection in New York.
Save 10% on Select American Leather Sofas & Chairs. Sleepers excluded.
Add to cart to receive discount.
Perry Comfort Sleeper
Bryson Comfort Sleeper
Keystone Sofa Collection
Gaines Comfort Sleeper
Lyons Comfort Sleeper
Pearson Comfort Sleeper
Stratus Comfort Air Recliner
Astoria Sofa Collection
Kendall Sofa Collection
Cirrus Comfort Solace Recliner
Carson Sofa Collection
Harris Comfort Sleeper
Klein Comfort Sleeper
Olson Comfort Sleeper
Sulley Comfort Sleeper
Luxe Sofa Collection
Nash Sofa Collection
Savino Sofa Collection
Nico Re-Invented Recliner
Aston Re-Invented Recliner
Blake Re-Invented Recliner
Eva Comfort Recliner
Burke Re-Invented Recliner
Quinton Re-Invented Recliner
Vida Re-Invented Recliner
Inspiration Sofa Collection
Henley Sofa Collection
Uno Round Storage Ottoman
Uno Square Storage Ottoman
With BDI Furniture, you'll find a collection of furniture pieces that are unique, functional and great looking. BDI Home Theater and Office collections are engineered not only to meet the demanding needs of today's electronics, but to do so with furniture that enriches the home and the home theater experience. With integrated features such as hidden casters, adjustable shelves and wire management, a BDI Home Theater system successfully merges functional innovation with original and exciting Design.
Jensen-Lewis has been selling BDI for over 25 years and has the largest selection of BDI Furniture in New York.
Corridor L Desk 6531
Terrace Rectangular Coffee Table 1152
Serif Adjustable Side Table
Linea 580121 3 Shelf System
Eileen Leaning Shelf 5166
Sequel 20 Multifunction Cabinet 6117
Terrace Square Coffee Table 1150
Linea Mobile File 6227
Terrace Console Table 1153
Linea Console Desk 6222
Bontempi furniture is a unique blend of creativity, imagination and empathy with our customers’ dreams. Technology, design, innovative materials are the inspirational foundations of our collections. Our products meet various tastes and needs, thanks to a strong and recognizable style.
Bontempi Group pursue its mission persistently and passionately, dressing your home according to the ultimate Italian style, to make it cozy, warm and aesthetically pleasing to live every day. We realize the Bontempi Casa dream, by furnishing the ambiance where we experience our unforgettable emotions forever.
Save on Bontempi. Contact us for details.
Clara Swivel Bar Stool
Enea Bedroom Cabinet
Shape Dining Arm Chair
Shark Swivel Bar Stool
Nata Swivel Bar Stool
Penelope Dining Armchair
Kuga Swivel Bar Stool
Penelope Dining Chair
Gipsy Dining Chair (Set of 2)
Eva Dining Chair (Set of 2)
Aqua Dining Chair (Set of 2)
Fiandre Dining Table
Galaxy Dining Chair (Set of 2)
Queen Dining Armchair
Kuga Slim Dining Chair
Malik Flex Dining Chair
Nata Flex Dining Chair
Matilda Dining Chair