Relaxation is just another way of saying porch swing. The porch swing serves as an extension of all the welcoming warmth of a beautiful outdoor space. Here at DFOhome, we have a wealth of options to choose from when deciding just which swing to purchase. Whether you want a one person hammock swing or a more conventional double swing for your patio, we have what you need.
No matter what you choose, once you get your new porch swing, you will be well on your way to relaxation. Ideal accessories include a day off, a warm breeze, and a good book (sold separately). Don't forget to grab some comfy outdoor pillows, too! Shop porch swings now to get free shipping on all your orders!
View Cart & Checkout
*Only one coupon per order
$20 Off Orders $199+
$40 Off Orders $399+
Hammocks Made in USA
Hammocks With Stands
South American Hammocks
Solution Dyed Fabric Hammocks
Shop All Hammock Accessories
Hammock Storage Bags
Shop Clearance Hammocks
Outdoor Curtains Overview
Shop All Outdoor Curtains >
Sunbrella Outdoor Curtains
Tempotest Outdoor Curtains
Polyester Outdoor Curtains
Weathersmart Outdoor Curtains
Curtain Construction
Grommet Top Outdoor Curtains
Tab Top Outdoor Curtains
Solid Outdoor Curtains
Striped Outdoor Curtains
Sheer Outdoor Curtains
50" Wide Outdoor Curtains
120" Extra Wide Outdoor Curtains
Outdoor Curtains by Color
Outdoor Curtain Hardware
Shop Clearance Curtains
Patio Furniture Overview
Shop All Outdoor Seating
Wooden Adirondack Chairs
Poly Lumber Adirondack Chairs
Double Adirondack Chairs
Adirondack Chairs Under $100
Kids Outdoor Seating
Pets Outdoor Seating
Shop All Outdoor Tables
Outdoor Dining Tables
Outdoor Side & End Tables
Outdoor Coffee Tables
Outdoor Conversation Tables
Dining Chair Cushions
Deep Seating Cushions
Shop All Outdoor Cushions
Shop All Patio Furniture Sets
Shop All Patio Furniture Accessories
Umbrella Bases and More
Adirondack Accessories
Shop Clearance Furniture
Outdoor Pillows Overview
Shop All Outdoor Pillows >
Outdoor Square Pillows
Outdoor Lumbar Pillows
Solid Outdoor Pillows
Striped Outdoor Pillows
Patterned Outdoor Pillows
Floral Outdoor Pillows
Seasonal Outdoor Pillows
Beach Outdoor Pillows
Novelty Outdoor Pillows
Polyester Outdoor Pillows
USA-Made Outdoor Pillows
Outdoor Pillows by Color
Shop Outdoor Pillow Sets
Shop Clearance Pillows
Heating & Lighting Overview
Shop All Outdoor Lighting
Outdoor Specialty Lamps
Decorative Outdoor Lighting
Wall & Ceiling Lighting
Shop All Outdoor Heating
Fire Pit Accessories
More Ways to Shop Overview
Shop All Furniture Sets
Outdoor Pillows by Type
Sunbrella Outdoor Pillows
Shop All Outdoor Pillows
Outdoor Pillows by Style
Shop our selected seasonal specials and build your outside retreat for less with quality and trendy products! They wont be around for long!
For some, backyards and porches serve only as boundaries and buffer zones. Patios and decks go unused, or serve as neglected storage spaces. At DFOhome, we're here to change that by introducing outdoor design that will change how you think of your outside space.
Push the boundaries of your personal refuge with an outdoor space you can't go a day without. Make it comfortable with Adirondack chairs and ultra-plush cushioned hammocks. Make it home with outdoor rugs and curtains you can enjoy all year long. Keep it lively even in cold weather with a toasty fire pit and reliable outdoor lighting.
Our mission is to give you the tools to put your personality on display throughout your favorite outdoor spaces. But we've got a couple ideas of our own, too. See our blog posts for DIY tips and design advice for your outdoor space, and follow us on social media to stay abreast of our latest products and informative video guides.
- $20 Off Orders $199+ Exclusions Below | Use Code: SPRING
- $40 Off Orders $399+ Exclusions Below | Use Code: SPRING
- PLUS Free Shipping
One Coupon Per Order. Exclusions Apply. Excludes Gift Cards and Previous Orders.
Free Shipping Offer Details
Free Shipping is available for standard ground shipping on all items. Standard ground shipping is available to street address within the contiguous United States. For shippments to Alaska, Hawaii, APO/FPO address or outside of the United States, please see our shipping information or call (252) 295-0404.
* free shipping only applies to the continental US
We back our exceptional products with exceptional customer service. Questions or comments? Please call us at (252) 295-0404.
We're experiencing longer hold times and email response lead times because an unprecedented number of clients are reaching out to us.
Thank you for your patience and understanding!
Our customer service team is here to help!
Have questions? Feel free to give us a call during business hours.
Reaching out after hours? Send us an email, and we’ll get back to you on the next business day.
Or contact us from the form below:
* Denotes required fields
Returns - Money-Back Guarantee
We guarantee our products to be free of defects in material and craftsmanship for up to one full year from the date of purchase. If an item is found to be defective within that time, DFOhome will gladly replace it or send the appropriate replacement parts at no cost to you. We stand by our products and our goal is for you to get maximum enjoyment out of your purchase. Please note that normal wear and tear and damage from improper use, storage, installation, or maintenance is not covered under this warranty. Please note that normal wear and tear, animal damage, and damage from improper use, storage, installation, or maintenance is not covered under this warranty. Find your product brand below for specific warranty information.
Select products have extended warranties, in which each individual item's warranty duration is listed under the "Specs" tab on its detail page. You can also find complete warranty information directly on manufacturers' websites.
DFOhome, Hatteras Hammocks, Pawleys Island Hammocks, Nags Head Hammocks, and Real Deal Brazil
Simply send the item(s) to the address below and notify us via e-mail of the exchange/return you'd like to make; FedEx and UPS are the best way to send any package(s) of more than 1 pound. Both shipping companies will provide you with a tracking number that you can then communicate to us.
Return for Invoice # (Your Order Number Here)
305 Industrial Blvd.
Greenville, NC 27834
Please call (252) 295-0404 if you need more information.
By creating an account you agree to our Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Rope hammocks are breathable, soft, and innately durable.
Big Sale On All ENOs!
Unparalleled comfort and softness: Quilted Hammocks feature two layers of fabric sandwiching a cushiony layer of hollowfill fiber.
Recline upon a floating ribbon of soft, all-weather fabric.
Finely-woven, handcrafted hammocks dyed in vibrantly tropical colors.
Top-Grade Hammocks, handmade in the USA with free same-day shipping.
Affordable comfort: All hammocks priced at $100 or less.
These unique Hammock Chairs give a great alternative to normal seating.
Hang your hammock in style with these hammock stands!
Just when you thought it couldn't get better! Check out Hammock Accessories here.
Take a look through all of our Hammocks, you're sure to find one perfect for you!
Shop Hammocks with Stands from DFOhome.com
Shop Hammocks on Clearance from DFOhome.com
For a relaxing afternoon alone, nothing beats these Single Hammocks
A spacious Double Hammock is perfect for you and a friend to relax in.
For when you just want to sprawl out and roll around, Extra Wide is the way to go.
If you lack trees to hang your hammock, consider one our stands!
Want some flexibility with where to put up that swing? Swing Stands are the way to go.
If you happen to want a hammock stand but want a more natural look, browse these Wooden Stands.
Take a look through all of our stands for Hammocks and Swings, your sure to find the perfect one for you!
The classic Cotton Rope hammocks can fit into any locale and outdoor setting.
Mold and Mildew Resistant, Polyester is a great longterm outdoor hammock.
Soft as cotton, strong as fabric, DURACORD® Hammocks are excellent anywhere. Available in rope and fabric.
Sunbrella Fabric makes these hammocks as strong and as colorfast as they come.
These Solution Dyed Fabric Hammocks give a great option for your outdoor space.
Perfect solutions to all your hammock hanging dilemmas, our Hanging Hardware can you help you out!
Two adult trees or two sturdy poles are all you'll require to begin hanging out, thanks to the help of these durable hammock tree straps!
These Hammock Pillows can make an indispensable accessory to your hammock experience outside or indoors.
For when things wear out or go missing, this assortment of replacement parts is a good place to start.
For those little odds and ends to really bring your hammock time together, these Hammock Accessories can do just that.
Before we were DFOHome, we were a hammock company. They're what got us started in outdoor relaxation, and remain a major part of what we do. We're unique in that we believe there's a place for a hammock in any outdoor setting, and once you've reclined in one of our premier models, you'll be inclined to agree. Take a moment to browse our collections -- you'd be surprised at the variety of hammocks we offer! Most are manufactured right here in Greenville, North Carolina.
Hammocks are generally composed either of fabric or rope. Quilted hammocks are a special subcategory of fabric hammocks with added cushioning inserted between two layers of fabric. Rope hammocks are available in cotton, polyester, and DURACORD®. DURACORD® is an exceptional synthetic blend of rope designed to maximize both comfort and durability against the elements. For a unique and refreshing style of hammock without spreader bars, consider South American hammocks.
Choose from dozens of hammocks and save with free shipping, including top brands like Hatteras Hammocks, Pawleys Island, and Nags Head Hammocks. Try something different with Caribbean or South American hammocks. Go on an adventure with a camping hammock and hang out in the woods for awhile.
We've got the widest selection of top USA-made hammocks online. Shop a variety of hammocks and enjoy free shipping on every in stock. Most hammocks will ship same-day if ordered before 4pm EST. Be sure to check out our hammock tree straps in our accessories section if you've got two trees handy 9 to 12 feet apart.
Dozens of hammocks available with free shipping for $100 or less. Save big with hammocks, the perfect gift for family and friends. These affordable favorites are the perfect graduation or birthday presents for anyone who enjoys spending some quality time outdoors. Save money with a collection of affordable fabric hammocks from DFOhome, or, try something a little different and bring color to your yard with a South American hammock.
Whichever you decide, rest easy knowing you're getting a great deal on some of the best hammocks in the world. We ensure that each of our hammocks under one hundred dollars meets the standards of safety, quality, and durability that we expect for all DFOhome products.
As a company born and raised in the USA, we are proud to carry top domestic brands like Hatteras Hammocks and Pawleys Island Hammocks. These brands represent the best of American craftsmanship, and for the durability and overall quality of the product, there is no better value for the price.
Trademarks of these USA-made hammocks include DuraCord rope, which is more durable than polyester but feels as soft as cotton. You will also find solid oak spreader bars dipped in all weather spar-varnish, providing a lasting power unlike any of the cheaper hammocks made overseas. Let's put it this way: Shop USA handmademade hammocks if you're looking for something to enjoy in your yard for years and years to come.
A hammock with stand: all you need for a relaxing afternoon outdoors. A free standing hammock with no additional purchase required, including all chain and necessary accessories. Free shipping. We carry Hatteras Hammocks tri-beam stands, which use the thickest gauge of steel on the market. They are eddy-current tested to ensure safety and stability.
Our metal hammock stands assemble in minutes and don't require any additional tools to build. Simply lock each section into place and it's ready to go. The Roman Arc wooden stand offers a sleek and elegant look that's both decorative and functional. All are exceedingly safe and rated for at least 350 pounds of capacity or more. It has never been easier to find a hammock with stand for sale.
Breathable and soft, nothing compares to the gentle embrace of a rope hammock on a sunny day. Shop the finest rope hammocks in the world, including Pawleys Island Hammocks – America’s first rope hammock, handcrafted in Pawleys Island, South Carolina. The classic rope weave embraces your body for a full-featured, comfortable hang.
These classic hammocks are also the most versatile type of hammock available. Rope hammocks can support the entire weight of a body (or two!) while making sure you take advantage of every cool breeze- perfect for that island feeling. When buying a hammock, consider that cotton rope hammocks are the most comfortable while polyester and DURACORD® are the most durable. Brands like Pawleys Island Rope Hammock, Hatteras Hammocks and Nags Head Hammocks are the highest-quality outdoor hammocks. Get yours today!
With the plush feel of a picnic blanket suspended in midair, you won’t find a more luxurious place to relax outside than on top of our handcrafted fabric hammocks. Using only the finest all-weather materials, including Sunbrella fabric, it’s not a question of if you’ll be relaxing in one – but when.
Composed of soft sheets of durable all-weather fabric between two spreader bars, most fabric hammocks are handcrafted in our USA hammock facility. Easier to enter and exit than most hammocks, fabric varieties provide unique brand of stability and support. Available in a variety of beautiful color and patterns, fabric hammocks can bring big color to an outdoor space, and look especially good when hung in one of our Roman Arc wooden hammock stands.
All quilted hammocks feature outdoor safe hollowfill cushioning sandwiched between two layers of durable fabric. Part hammock and part pillow, these innovative hammocks number among the most comfortable in the world. As a special type of fabric hammock with greater softness and support, we proudly set these quilted hammocks apart in a category of their own.
Quilted hammocks are the ultimate for comfort and ease of use. Look at Pawley’s Island or Hatteras Hammocks for the most reliably constructed products made of all-weather Sunbrella fabric and DURACORD® rope. These USA made hammocks are top of the line in both comfort and durability and are sure to become a treasured mainstay of your backyard or outdoor area.
Great alongside the pool with a good book, you may well find that you prefer your new quilted hammock to any other resting place in your home. They're that comfortable. Just make sure you've found a place in the shade, so you don't fall asleep in the sun!
Shop camping hammocks from your favorite brands, including ENO and Hennessy Hammocks. Free shipping on everything in store. Find the ENO Double Nest here, one of the roomiest camping hammocks for the money. Hennessy hammocks are a great all-in-one solution that include a rainfly and are hang-ready straight out of the bag. If you decide to go with an ENO, be sure to pick up some Slap Straps to make hanging just about anywhere a breeze.
Worried about getting a little too close to nature? ENO's special bug net is custom built to fit around your camping hammock to keep you protected while you're sleeping or just hanging out. ENO rain tarps will keep you and your gear dry while you kick back and relax in your hammock.
The world's first hammocks likely originated in South America, and were documented well by European visitors during the 15th and 16th centuries. These types of hammocks were originally designed as permanent beds, and because of this they remain among the most comfortable hammocks ever produced.
Usually handwoven from cotton, South American hammocks require a bit more care and maintenance than most. It's best to take them down when not in use, or at least during times when you expect not to be using the hammock for a while. Woven in brightly dyed rope in many colors, you'll be able to brighten up your backyard while making it a lot more comfortable, too!
Nothing calls relaxation to mind quite like softly swaying in a porch swing. Our famous single porch swings are the exemplification of relaxation. Find a hammock swing that suits your fancy, or maybe one of our other porch swings. Whatever you choose, take a seat, ease your load, and enjoy! Made of smooth rope and other favorite outdoor features, you're going to love your new favorite spot in the yard. Good looks and superior quality ensure that you will not be disappointed with your new single swing. Shop for your new swing now to take advantage of free shipping on all orders on DFOhome.
Take a seat, ease your load, and enjoy one of our famous double patio swings. Nothing promotes proper relaxation quite like a porch swing, and our porch swings made for two ensure that you and one of your companions will be relaxing side by side in no time at all. Made of smooth rope and other favorite outdoor features, you're going to love your new favorite spot in the yard. These patio swings make rocking and swinging the day away not just a possibility, but a probability. Shop for one now and enjoy free shipping on all orders from DFOhome.