Just added to your cart
Armchairs & Accent Chairs
Living Room Furniture
Coffee & Lamp Tables
Hall & Console Tables
Entertainment & Tv Units
Buffet Tables & Side Boards
Dining Room Furniture
Tallboys & Chests of Drawers
A.H. Beard Mattresses & Ensembles
Swan Mattresses & Ensembles
Outdoor Lounges & Sofas
Lounges & Sofas Menu
Living & Dining Menu
Living Room Furniture Menu
Dining Room Furniture Menu
Be first to know about latest arrivals, events & promotions
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Your cart is currently empty.
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
44-48 Chapel Street, St Mary's NSW 2760
170 Sydney Road, Kelso NSW 2795
243 Darling Street, Dubbo NSW 2830
Building B, 274 Macquarie Road, Warners Bay NSW 2276
80-84 Bathurst Road, Orange NSW 2800
Shop 1, 383-391 Goonoo Road (New England Highway) Tamworth NSW 2340
Shop 6, 1 Drummond Street, Cnr Masters Road, Coniston NSW 2500
Tenancy 4, Home + Life Centre, 123 Anambah Road Rutherford, NSW 2320
Roxy 4.5 seater + OttomanRRP $2,899
Nora 4.5 Seater Corner ChaiseRRP $3,359
Jackson 3.5 Seater with Storage ChaiseRRP $2,999
BE FIRST TO KNOW ABOUT LATEST ARRIVALS, EVENTS & PROMOTIONS
Let customers speak for us
from 694 reviewsI had this lounge made to measure. I was able to choose the measurements to perfectly fit my space.
I chose a gorgeous Warwick fabric as I needed something cat friendly.
I couldn't be happier with the service I got and the quality of the product.
Had the team at Lounges Plus make the Cara lounge to my specifications at 2.6m with a matching storage ottoman. This is cozy and comfortable, I could be any happier.
Beautiful set ! Thank you for boys who delivered it for hauling them up the stairs. Much appreciated. Very comfy couldn't complain.
Love my new lounge, couldn't be happier. Service was also amazing.
Arrived on time… great service
STYLISH AND HARD TO FIND TIMBER ARM LIFT CHAIR WE ACTUALLY FOUND IT TO BE JUST A LITTLE BIT SMALLER THAN SOME OF THE OTHER MODELS WE WERE SHOWN AND THIS MODEL WAS PERFECT (PLUS IT HAD TIMBER ARMS). I WOULD RECOMMEND THE SANTA FE AFTER LOOKING AS SO MANY OTHER MODELS WHICH WERE JUST NOT RIGHT IN SIZE OR DID NOT HAVE TIMBER ARMS. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Went in with a budget and Chris the manager was so helpful. Showed us different styles and combinations of lounges. Very happy with the service. Would definitely recommend them.
Very happy with my new Boston corner suite. Very comfy and looks great!
This was exactly in our budget and is better than we expected. Such a great lounge for the price.
Bob bob bobby ! The seating was a little firmer than some of the other models we tried in store but we went with this model because of the price and it comes with a proper innerspring mattress. We only wanted to spend around a grand and this model fit the brief perfectly. Fast turnaround. Nothing to assemble but the feet. Easy match grey colour. The backrest folds over to prevent pillows falling off the end while sleeping on it. Thanks to staff for hooking up the delivery. A +
Bought this lounge for the kids and really couldn't be happier. For the price we were happy to go with the dark colour and honestly the kids are jumping all over it and nothing is bothering us about it. The lounge is solid and looks good. Easy to clean. The kids are constantly rearranging the seats to suit themselves. Happy to recommmend.
We splashed out and bought the Rosia suite in a soft pink coloured leather. At the suggestion of staff we were invited to write a review. Well we couldn't be more happier. Electric recliners for everyone in the family and the electric headrests set this model apart from the half dozen we looked at with similar comfort and style. We expected a long lead time but were pleasantly surprised when it turned up on time. The USB ports are convenient. This is certainly a luxurious leather lounge and worth a trip to the store to try it.
Ordered an armchair. The staff were wonderful, updating me about delivery along the way, and allowing me to change the delivery address. They called the day before it arrived to let me know it was one the way. The armchair is beautifully made, awesome quality, and I am very happy.
Looks nice, plenty of storage, good bed size, easy to put up & down.
We've sent you an email with a link to update your password.
Forgot your password?
We will send you an email to reset your password.
Collection: All Lounges
Huge Lounges and Sofas collection
Explore our wide variety of sofas and lounges collections, crafted to add both comfort and elegance to your home. Our collections offer a wide range of sizes, colors, and configurations that you can customise to fit your requirements. You can find the perfect lounge suites for your living space with us.
Modern Lounges and Sofas Design
From luxurious leather lounges to elegant fabric lounges, we have options for every taste and budget. We offer different types of furniture like corner chaise lounges, reclining sofas, armchairs, and sofa beds with ottoman designs. Additionally, we have a 3-seater sofabed with a storage chaise and recliner lounges.
Lounges Plus provides you with top-quality modular lounges for your living room. We manufacture our lounge furniture with high-quality materials to ensure durability and longevity.
Why Lounges Plus for Luxury Lounges and Sofa Sets?
Lounges Plus has over 20 years of experience creating comfortable yet stylish lounges. We have an extensive range of sofa and lounge collections from which you can choose that best suit your living area style. Choose from our exceptional range of recliners, sofas, and chairs and experience ultimate comfort.
We even provide customized lounges with prompt delivery in just 6 weeks. See all our furniture online or come to our store to feel the comfort and quality for yourself.
Don't miss out on Australia's best prices for quality lounges. Shop with us today!
Corner Lounges & Sofas
Chaise Lounges & Sofas
Collection: Recliner Lounges
Shop Recliner Lounges You Need
Looking for comfortable recliner lounges to relax in your home? We have the perfect recliner options for you. With electric and manual reclining choices, you can easily find the one that suits your preferences.
Our collection includes a wide range of fabrics and full leather upholsteries, ensuring that you can find the perfect match for your home décor. From sleek and modern designs to cozy and traditional styles, we have something to suit every taste.
Our Range of Recliner Lounge Suites
If you're looking for the ultimate relaxation experience, our range of recliner lounge suites is the perfect solution to have in your living room. With a variety of styles and sizes to choose from, we have a huge collection of fabric recliner chairs that perfectly fit your home. Whether you're looking for a cozy 3-seater recliner lounge or a spacious home theatre lounge, Lounges Plus has it all.
We have a wide variety of recliner sofas and chairs. This includes leather recliner lounges and electric recliner lounges with USB.
Our recliner lounge suites offer comfort and lumbar support and the style is unmatched. So why wait? Browse our range of recliners today and start enjoying the ultimate in comfort and relaxation!
Why LoungePlus for a Recliner Sofa?
Lounge Plus has 20+ years of industry experience in creating lounges with comfort, size, and style. We provide customized lounges within 6 weeks along with prompt delivery.
Don't compromise on comfort and style. Choose from our exceptional range of recliners sofas or chairs today and elevate your relaxation. Contact us now to buy a recliner chair from us.
The perfect space to unwind and entertain