We are a team of quirky, enigmatic, outspoken and design-loving Singaporeans who share a love for high quality furnishings that boast unique designs. Our vision is to bring these features to everyone whilst doing so at competitive rates. Read more.
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
© 2025 Mulamu Furnishings. All Rights Reserved.
Be the first to know about our latest happenings
We welcome you to join our mailing list to stay updated on our latest promotions...and enjoy exclusive discounts too!
The minimal design will lift the look of your living or discussion area; they’re ideal for lazy relax. The sleek powder-coated metal frame has clean lines and angles giving it an on-trend look with easy maintenance. Dimensions: 780 x 780...
View full product details
The MÅNÄI BED has clean lines and is designed for those who love the simplicity of Scandinavian design. This bed is made of solid oak wood and has wooden bed slates too. Dimensions:QUEEN: 1570 x 2000 x 920mm (suitable mattress size:...
The DÅZII bed is for those who love the touch of wood. With the headboard made completely of solid oak wood and in a simple design, it will fit into any design direction for your room. Dimensions:QUEEN: 1570 x 2000 x...
When it comes to beds, no one does it better than the Scandinavians. There is plenty of focus on simplicity and comfort, two very important factors when it comes to sleep. The ABO has a solid oak frame with a gorgeous...
The AAK family of products follow the clean Scandinavian look. This will seat itself nicely in any living room or bedroom. Crafted from solid oak wood, it will last many years. Dimensions:500 x 400 x 500 mm
This side table crafted with solid oak and this is a robust and well-made piece. The drawer opening is a simple groove and two drawers offer valuable additional storage. This side table makes an ideal partner to the DÅZII bed....
The epitome of contemporary design, this dining bench boasts clean, angular black metal legs and a contrasting teak wood top for an industrial finish.It's suitable for indoor and balcony space. Dimensions: Small: 1400 x 400 x 430mm (1550 x 450...
The TESSY is simple, clean and functional, channeling the essence of Scandinavian design. Whether you use this as a coffee table, bedside table or a table for your kids, there is always a place for the TESSY in your home....
Storage is no longer just about storage, as well as functionality, it now has character and style, and enhances the look of the room. JORD is a large Tv console in teak. Its curved side edges with two drawers, you...
Slim crossed solid Ash legs and a curved back and sides create a sophisticated silhouette that makes it a modern classic. The perfect seat for dining, working, you can even use them as occasional chairs in the bedroom or living...
The understated design means this table works well in contemporary and traditional set-ups. Team with the matching KORÄ.T bench and TRÖMS chairs for a complete look. The elegant, clean look will give your dining room light, open and airy feel....
THE SHOEMAKER CHAIR comes in three heights. Despite varying degrees of height, they are identical in every sense. From the solid wooden seat right down to its three legs, these chairs are simple and epitomize Scandinavian design. These solid wooden...
The desk built with a white lacquered solid top and solid ash legs. It has a center drawer that sits flush against the desktop - perfect for keeping essentials to hand. The TÄRBÖ study desk modernizes any office or bedroom....
This sturdy 2-layer shelf with 2 drawers is made from an all solid teakwood and can hold the weight of your favorite books in place. Bookcase with study desk space take your study space to the next level. Dimensions:1000 x...
Place the SYX 3-SEAT SOFA in Grandma's house and it radiates tradition; place it in your own house and it radiates modernity. Inspired by both the old and the new, this is the piece for those who want a taste...
No products found in this collection
SOFZSLEEP CLASSIC PILLOW
Product Info • Firmness: Medium• Size: 60 x 40 cm (23.5″ x 15.5″)• Thickness: 12.5 cm (5”)• Ideal for back and stomach sleepers• Avoid over-stretching your neck and reducing pressure on muscle tension.• Oekotex® and Eurolatex certified natural latex, toxic-free with...
DOUBLE ELEPHANT FASHION-08 MATTRESS
Product Info • Firmness: Medium Soft• Thickness: 24cm (9.5”)• Knitted Fabrics: Quality materials are soft, breathable, excellent elasticity and extended.• Pure Natural Latex: Quick rebound, moderate hardness, no sultry breathability, super high elasticity fit body curve• Graphene cotton: It has a low-temperature far-infrared function,...
SOFZSLEEP STARLIGHT MATTRESS
The STARLIGHT mattress boasts a dual-firmness-dual-comfort feature, being essentially two mattresses in one. Flipping the mattress over will vary the firmness of the mattress from a medium to a firm rating, allowing your child to choose the firmness of the...