Thank you for all your help and great service. I love my new pine wardrobes, they fit perfectly and my bedroom ...
Many thanks for supplying my made to measure solid pine bookcases. They add loads of character to my office and...
I was very impressed with the service and the item I ordered from Good Wood Furniture in Bondi Junction, through Kate...
I just love this store. I always find what I want, I have bought many pieces of furniture over the last 20 years ...
Thank you sooo much Katerina at Good Wood Furniture for the Great Service & also I'm sooo happ...
Australian Made Colonial Robe
This lovely piece will just add so much charm to any bedroom. Large drawers which run smoothly on metal runners and hanging space deep enough for adults hangers.
Is available in bigger sizes and made to measure. Fully assembled and made to last.
Height 1900mm x Width 960mm x Depth 530mm
Customize Your Product
© 2021 Good Wood Furniture All Rights Reserved.
Designed & Developed by Eclick Softwares & Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Pick up option available
This offer is valid on all our items
Pine is a type of softwood and unlike hardwoods, pine trees grow all around the world. Tough this is considered to be a softwood, it has a great deal of stiffness and resistance
© 2022 Good Wood Furniture All Rights Reserved.
I have purchased many lovely items from Katerina at Good Wood Furniture over the last 20 years. I recommend thi...
Shop 1, 79-85 Oxford St, Bondi Junction, 2022, Australia
© 2018 Good Wood Furniture All Rights Reserved.
At Good Wood Furniture we can organise the delivery of those special pieces to your home, business or office.
We use the services of 'Two Men and a Truck'. They are a professional delivery team who will carefully bring your pieces into your home.
We do not deliver inter-state. We deliver only within the Sydney area. Deliveries in the local area starts from 70.
If you are inter-state or outside of our delivery area and wish to organise for your own delivery, using your chosen removalist, we only to happy to assist.
Budget Pine Furniture began in 1986, as a small family business in Bondi Junction. At Budget Pine we have always been keen to support local busines [...]
The humble pine trunk has many uses in the home and usually does double duty in any room you happen to place them in. In your living room they [...]
Locating a good furniture store is not that difficult. All you need to do is check the style of your interiors for purchasing the right kind of fur [...]
Before you consider buying wooden furniture, make sure that you know everything about the material used for building it.
You must be wondering if investing in pine furniture would be a wise choice. The answer is simple, no other wooden furniture can provide the qualit [...]
Right from the age of bedtime stories till your last days, a bed is where you spend one-third of your total life. That's why, it is vital to ch [...]
The bathroom is the most important space in a building, so enhancing its style is your responsibility. Find out what are the best options to do so.
The festive season is fast approaching, family and friends will soon arrive at your home to spend quality time with you. Is your ho [...]
Wooden furniture comes in different shapes and styles, especially if it is a wooden chair. Now, what could be the best style for it?
Your financial plan may be restricted, yet that doesn't mean you can't have a flawlessly finished home. Country theme is one of the most ea [...]
We believe in good service and provide quality furniture at very affordable prices.
Pine characteristically has knotts and variations in the grain, this adds to it's beauty and overall uniqueness. You will notice slight changes in the grain over time, this is normal. Most of our pieces will be laquered; this creates a barrier over the wood, making cleaning easier. Pine 'breathes" and sometimes needs nourishment, so to keep your pine furniture looking great it will need some care. Cleaning Tips: For general cleaning use a soft cloth which is only slightly dampened, (not wet), to trap and remove the dust. Wipe all spills immediately Avoid placing hot/cold items on surface, use a protective mat Do not use aerosol sprays or silicon based polish. To restore its natural glow use a silicone free oil that cleans and nourishes Avoid harsh solvents such as nail polish remover
Thank you for all your help and great service. I love my new pine wardrobes, they fit perfectly and my bedroom looks fabulous.
Many thanks for supplying my made to measure solid pine bookcases. They add loads of character to my office and match my desk perfectly. I needed them quickly and you delivered as promised.
I was very impressed with the service and the item I ordered from Good Wood Furniture in Bondi Junction, through Katerina. I was looking for a small nest of tables to use when entertaining. Katerina helped me make a decision about a particular circular nest of wooden tables. She ordered it for me and followed up regularly until she advised me that it was ready for pick up. As a result, I have been more than happy with my furniture and several people have admired it in my house, so thank you and thanks to Katerina.
I just love this store. I always find what I want, I have bought many pieces of furniture over the last 20 years from this store. Everything has been good quality, a good price and the service is excellent. The family-owned business has been there for 33 years and I hope Good Wood Furniture remains there for many more years to come. I'm a very happy customer, Karen.
Thank you sooo much Katerina at Good Wood Furniture for the Great Service & also I'm sooo happy with my pine bed base Many Thanks Nyre
I have purchased many lovely items from Katerina at Good Wood Furniture over the last 20 years. I recommend this little store to all my friends and family. I am very happy with the quality and prices. I love visiting the store for browse, there is always a good range and it is quality stuff and fully assembled. No kit form, flat pack for me.
“I would like to thank you for the magnificent made to measure Tassie oak dresser and side chest of drawers you had made for my wife and I. I learned over time that the utility and lasting power of beautifully made Australian furniture, manufactured from Australian timber by top craftsmen, taking pride in what they make, is something to be treasured. I am 69 years old and my father was an excellent amateur carpenter. He taught me to appreciate crafted timber in all its forms and this attention to quality I also now see in the furniture we have just purchased from you. I look forward to not only the utility and pleasure this furniture will give us now, but also the pleasure it may also give to the younger generations of our family in the years to come. Thank you and your factory for your wonderful service, it has been a pleasure doing business with you. ” Garry Abeshouse June 2017
Australian made solid pine two piece robe set, offers loads of hanging space. Painted in a white shabby chic finish which allows for the beautiful pine grain to still be on show. Made to your measurements if needed, though price may vary.
Standard Measurements:
Width 1700mm x height 1800mm x depth 520mm