The Guest Room offers a wide array of top quality, trusted brands that are handcrafted in North America. We also offer a variety of decorative accessories and art work to complete the look of your room. Designers welcome!
Tuesday – Saturday: 10 to 5
312 E. Market St Suite D
All Norwalk Upholstery is On Sale Now through June 3rd Comfortable sofas... roomy sectionals... beautiful accent … read more
Where Loudoun Shops for Quality Furniture
Looking for the best selection of Fine Furnishings and Accessories in Northern Virginia?
Look no further. The Guest Room offers a wide array of top quality, trusted brands that are handcrafted in America.
Visit us at our New Location: The Shops at Dodona Manor (formerly Southern Exchange) 312 E. Market Street, Suite D, Leesburg, VA 20175
Looking for the best selection of Fine Furnishings and Accessories in Northern Virginia? Look no further. The Guest Room furniture store in Leesburg offers a wide array of top-quality, trusted brands handcrafted in North America. We also offer a variety of decorative accessories and artwork to complete the look of your room. Designers welcome!
Design your home environment
The Guest Room offers a wide selection of top quality, trusted brands that are handcrafted in North America. We have decorative accessories, bedding and local art work to complete the look of your room. We believe that creating a beautiful, comfortable home is important. The right design, color scheme, furnishings and details can transform any home into an inspiring and livable space.
We believe that creating a beautiful, comfortable home is important. That’s why we’ve been helping customers for over 16 years. Come in and be a guest in our home. Let us help you create the perfect room.
We are so proud to share that The Guest Room recently received an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau! We love being able to provide you with beautiful, high-quality furniture and we love doing it with a smile on our face! Thanks for being A+ customers!
After looking several places for furniture, I discovered Guest Room Furniture in Leesburg, and what a great find that was!!! I have purchased both wood and upholstered pieces and have been delighted with the look and quality of the furniture. It met and exceeded my expectations and arrived much more quickly than other furniture I had previously purchased elsewhere. I love the quality of my furniture, but even more importantly the quality of the service and the knowledge, expertise, and helpfulness of the ladies with whom I worked. I felt like Connie and Lynne became my friends during the buying process. If I were to need additional furniture or accessories, The Guest Room would be the first place I would go. I have recommended The Guest Room to both friends and relatives, and they have been equally as pleased. Thumbs up for The Guest Room!!
The furniture is exquisite (totally awesome). I still can’t get over how fine the craftsmanship is from the furniture builders from Simply Amish and Gat Creek. One of these days I need to order a new guest bedroom suite and when I do; I will buy it from you. Thank you and the guys who delivered the furniture today, everything exceeded my expectations.
I just want to thank you again for your help in selecting our furniture. It fits very well and it looks great. Most of all it is very comfortable! We cannot be more delighted.
I really appreciate your help on this. I am sending photos of our sitting room from my camera separately. I just wanted to thank you again. I cannot wait to come back for more pieces. P.S. Your delivery fellows were wonderful, too.
Every once in awhile you find a special place to shop where you know the products and service are top notch. The Guest Room is my special place for furniture, accessories and design advice. Thanks to the knowledgeable staff and beautiful furniture, I have created several gorgeous rooms in my home complete with good looking accessories that add that special touch. From my family room to kitchen to home office the Guest Room look stands out. My special thanks goes to the staff that spent many hours helping me put together a timeless look that’s both comfortable and elegant.
We discovered this gem a couple of years ago. The experience we have had with the The Guest Room has been very enjoyable and stress free!!! They source from quality manufacturers and we have always been extremely satisfied with the product we received. The design consultants understand the client’s taste and requirement very well and work with you with a lot of enthusiasm.You would be very happy you stepped in to this wonderful store in the heart of Leesburg. We were.
– Bemal and Kapila G.
Have you noticed that the piece of furniture you love so much for sentimental reasons doesn’t really work for your décor anymore? If you have a treasured furniture piece that you want to give renewed life, consider reupholstering as a way to integrate the piece into your current décor and fix the issue. Is reupholstering […]
Decorating with Green
For the past few years, shades of white, pink, and gray have led interior color trends. But the use of bolder colors is on the rise, and vibrant hues of green are becoming a popular choice. With spring and summer just around the corner, it’s the perfect season to incorporate Mother Nature’s favorite color into […]
How Can I Take Care of My New Furniture?
We all love the look and feel of brand new furniture, but what are the steps we can take to maintain clean furniture? Winter is a great time to refresh your décor and give your furniture the maintenance care necessary to protect your investment. Read on for a few quick and inexpensive suggestions to help […]
How to Refresh a Room
It’s a brand new year, and what better way to ring in 2018 than by giving one of your favorite rooms a quick makeover? Colorful pillows, patterned rugs, plants, wall art, table books – all great ways to begin the transformation. Read on for tips and tricks on how to quickly and affordably transform a […]
How to Decorate with White
The color white is actually very trendy in 2017. It is hard for some of us, though, to commit to something that can sometimes seem so bland. White doesn’t have to be boring; it can be just what your space needs to pull your whole design aesthetic together. Why White is Important in Interior Design […]
Is Wallpaper Worth It?
Wallpaper is extremely popular right now. If you invested in wallpaper in the ‘80s, you probably still have nightmares about getting it off your walls. Which begs the question: is the wallpaper trend worth it? With the renewed love of wallpaper in full swing, there are plenty of reasons to throw your hesitation aside – […]
Tips for a Bedroom Makeover
If your bedroom feels like it needs a refresh, there are many ways to do it. Upholstered headboards, for one, continue to be a hit in 2017. They immediately bring a tranquil, romantic feel to any bedroom. Bedroom décor is frequently ignored because it’s a room that isn’t seen by guests. But this room should […]
Why Do You Want Furniture Made in the USA?
It seems as though practically every store sells furniture these days. Grocery stores offer up outdoor furniture every spring, and big box stores – from Best Buy to Wal-Mart – have year-round, dedicated furniture sections. But what is the biggest differentiator amongst all of these offerings? Where the furniture is made. Why Furniture Made in […]
Decorating with Blush
Blush pink has taken the interior design world by storm in 2017. The reason behind the blush design trend is simple – the gentle pink hue is neutral and plays nicely with other colors. For some people, though, pink may feel like a difficult color to incorporate into a space. In this article, we’ll take […]
Choosing Outdoor Furniture: What You Need to Know
Outdoor furniture significantly ranges in price, depending on where you see it. But what is behind that price tag, especially when it comes to something that will be battling the elements? Outdoor decor has to be more than visually appealing to provide the most value for your decorating dollars. Important Features We expect furniture that […]
All Norwalk Upholstery is On Sale Now through June 3rd Comfortable sofas… roomy sectionals… beautiful accent chairs…all custom-tailored in over 850 fabrics and leathers.
Visit Our Design Center!
We can help you pull it all together, floor to ceiling, from rugs to furniture to window treatments and lighting.
Interior Design Services
Professional interior design services are available to our guests. We welcome all projects large and small and are happy to work with you one on one at the Guest Room design center or with you in your home!
No cookie cutter furniture here. If you want a different fabric, different pillows, different arm or leg, we’ll customize our pieces so they’re perfect for your home.
Love your couch but the fabric has seen better days? Attached to a piece for sentimental reasons but it no longer works with your decor? Consider reupholstering. Choose from our amazing array of fabrics and have that couch, chair or ottoman looking just right!
Custom Window Treatments
If you are ready to put the finishing touches on your space, custom window treatments will transform your look! With the endless fabrics, trims and design options, we can help you create something that is unique to you. We proudly work with a local workroom to make your design dreams become a reality!
We offer “white glove” delivery service. Your purchase is transported and delivered by experienced furniture movers who treat your furniture with special care.
Visit the Bramble website. Created by the hands of artisans, craftsmen and women that have been in the industry for decades, the products at Bramble Furniture are made with intricate techniques and delicate designs that have been perfected over the years they’ve been a family business.
Visit the Durham website. At Durham Furniture, solid wood furniture is distinguished by exceptional quality, award-winning design and enduring value. Durham furniture is handcrafted from sustainably harvested cherry and maple
Visit the Eastern Accents website. Eastern Accents designs and manufactures luxury bedding and home accessories for the trade. They specialize in several styles of traditional and contemporary bedding, as well as Italian fine bedding linens, luxury throw pillows, sassy phrase pillows, and holiday décor.
Visit the Gat Creek website. Gat Creek furniture is built specifically for you. They don’t import, and they don’t run an assembly line. Each piece is hand-made from solid Appalachian hardwoods and personally signed by the person who builds it.
Visit the MacKenzie Dow website. When you purchase a fine quality design from MacKenzie-Dow, you’ll experience a surprisingly timeless blend of Old World heritage and modern-day practicality.
Visit the Riverside website. Riverside Furniture Corporation is truly an American success story. From a modest beginning in 1946, making furniture in a single plant, Riverside has grown to become a major brand name in the furniture industry. Over 70 years later, they are warehousing product in multiple locations world-wide and selling through over 3,500 […]
Visit the Simply Amish website. At Simply Amish furniture, the term Amish isn’t a style. It’s the standard of excellence by which all solid wood Amish furniture is handcrafted — this standard is desired by many and practiced by a very rare few.
Visit the Theodore Alexander website. Theodore Alexander is one of the leading manufacturers of fine furniture. Our comprehensive collections consist of several thousand designs, providing eclectic, traditional and modern classical furniture and accessories to our clients. Theodore Alexander has become eminent in its field – renowned as a unique brand embodying quality in design. To […]
Visit the Charleston Forge website. Making beautiful furniture in America is their passion. Whether they are forging hot metal or hand-scraping a solid wood table top, you can see and feel a sense of hand in every piece they make.
Visit the Fairfield website. For nearly a century, we’ve combined masterful craftsmanship with fashion-forward design of fine furnishings for the home, office, and hospitality industries. We’re a family of craftspeople who care about our community, the environment, and you.
Visit the Furniture Classics website. Furniture Classics Limited is dedicated to producing value oriented, solid wood, antique reproduction furniture. Three generations of a family rich in furniture heritage constantly work to develop well priced, dependable constructions of authentic reproductions and classic style.
Woodbridge Furniture
Visit the Woodbridge Furniture website. Woodbridge Furniture is a high-end brand in the home furnishings marketplace offering case goods, dining and occasional furniture. Woodbridge from its inception has focused on high quality veneers and finishes combined with best in class construction.
Visit the Sligh website. Sligh brings you the most beautiful and innovative office and entertainment designs. With a legacy dating back to 1880, Sligh is at the forefront of product development in residential, commercial, and hospitality, designing features and functions that enhance the office and entertainment experience.
Visit the C.R. Laine website. C.R. Laine creates inspiring upholstered furniture through innovative STYLE. COMFORT. and COLOR. They produce the best in customized, bench–crafted upholstery including exposed wood, leather, and upholstered chairs, sofas, chair-and-a-half’s & sectionals.
Visit the Four Seasons website. Four Seasons gives you the freedom to choose exactly what you want. Their Collections are specially crafted with you in mind with an emphasis on slipcovers.
Visit the Norwalk Furniture website. Norwalk Furniture offers great designs, over 850 fabrics and leathers, customizable options, high quality products, and quick delivery. All Norwalk upholstery styles are Made in the USA.
Visit the Thibaut website. Thibaut (pronounced Tee-Bo) Wallpaper and Fabric Since 1886. Known for a fresh, inspiring color palette with classic style, Thibaut offers unsurpassed quality and design in styles ranging from historic reproductions, toile, and chinoiserie to tropical and novelty patterns. With an insightful knowledge of trends and what homeowners want, Thibaut consistently delivers uniquely […]
Visit the Wesley Hall website. Over the last 20 years, Wesley Hall has become a key manufacturer in the upper segment of the upholstered furniture market. They attribute their success to an unwavering commitment to providing excellent service, quality, fashion, and value.
The Aidan Gray line represents a love for interiors, design and authentic products that exude “European Grandeur.”
For decades, Chelsea House has brought warmth and beauty to homes with its extensive line of furniture, lighting, art, mirrors and decorative accessories.
Currey & Company is a wholesale manufacturer of distinctive home furnishings products. They are best known for their lighting products (chandeliers, wall sconces, table and floor lamps) as well as interior furniture, garden furniture and accessories.
From classic American design to chic downtown appeal, Capel Rugs offer impeccably detailed floor coverings constructed for years of use.
A spirited, design-driven family of companies that creates enthusiasm through timely and timeless lifestyle products and a caring commitment to people and process, Dash & Albert’s mission drives their business and profitability feeds their mission.
Feizy brings show-stopping and award-winning products from Old World to New World, and everywhere in between. Their meticulously designed and handpicked rugs live both as timeless home fashion and long-treasured family heirlooms
Headquartered in Atlanta, Jaipur’s offerings include flatweaves, naturals, transitional and modern collections. Design is a passion for Jaipur from its very core and spills out in bold colors, distinctive styles and fashion-forward trending.
At Surya, their goals are simple: to be the go-to resource for coordinating home accessories across a diverse range of lifestyles and budgets and to simplify the shopping process for designers, retailers and end consumers. Experts at merging form with function, Surya translates the most relevant apparel and home decor trends into fashion-forward products across […]
Bedford Cottage has been manufacturing decorative throws since 1982. Styles, textures, and colors have changed over the years, but their commitment to providing quality and timeless designs remains the same.
Celadon Art searches the world for inspiration to create for the furniture, gift and design trade. From their award-winning design studio comes a broad selection of clean and minimal, comfortable and natural or classic European elegance. They offer creatively framed artwork following the newest trends every day.
Cyan Design is the source for unique decorative objects. Decorative accessories for the most vibrant interior design.
E. Lawrence, Ltd. is an Atlanta-based purveyor of leather-bound books and handmade parchment bound books. Started in 1998, they quickly grew to be the largest importer/supplier of decorative leather-bound books in the country. They soon added a parchment bound division that is crafted by hand and flush with creative designs that has made their mission […]
Iconic Pineapple creates and publishes innovative wall decor, all right here in the USA. They offer one of the most complete and expansive product lines in the industry, with a large percentage of artwork being exclusive and not available anywhere else.
International Table Pads
Ohio Table Pad Company is a manufacturer of custom made table pad protection for fine dining room tables and other wood furniture surfaces.
Jamie Young Co. provides casual elegance for every home through exceptional lighting and decor. Their globally-inspired pieces are eclectic yet elegant, unique yet relatable, and non-traditional yet easy to fit with any home.
Napa Home & Garden is a home decor wholesaler selling to the trade, with headquarters in the greater Atlanta area and a distribution center in Newport News, VA. They provide sophisticated products for the home, selling to style-conscious retailers via a best-in-class shopping experience.
Natural Decorations, Inc.
For over 45 years, NDI has been the premier provider of the finest floral and botanical reproductions in the world! NDI has taken the art of fabric floral and botanical design to a new level and their quality is unsurpassed.
We believe fragrances should be impactful. Make an environment brighter. An expression bolder. A moment more exceptional. The mood created by an extraordinary fragrance asserts itself and has the ability to transport people and transform spaces.
For more than 20 years, Pine Cone Hill has applied a spirited, design-driven approach to creating bedding, rugs, sleepwear, and accessories that stand out—and stand the test of time.
Shadow Catchers began several years ago with the idea that art should be accessible to all people within a variety of categories, size ranges and price ranges.
Accent furniture, mirrors, wall decor, wall art, clocks, lamps, lighting fixtures, home accessories and more available today at Uttermost.
Visit the Kingsley-Bate website. British craftsmen of the 18th-century discovered what their Eastern counterparts had known for centuries, that teak has qualities unlike any other wood.
Visit the Summer Classics website. Summer Classics furnishings stand out. They are exciting and unexpected, unique and timeless. They are also fashionable yet timeless.
Visit the Fabricut website. Fabricut is one of the largest, most progressive distributors of decorative fabrics in the world; the brand designers depend on for everyday decorating.
Visit the Greenhouse website. Arnold Bjork founded their family fabric business on the tenets of being trustworthy, honoring their word, and treating employees and customers like family. They espouse those same values today. Their clients see those principles in everything they do, from providing unique, high-quality fabrics to delivering unparalleled customer service. Their goal is […]
Visit the Kasmir website. Extraordinary products, a commitment to customers, and a flair for design. The fabric of Kasmir Fabrics + Furnishings is woven with success and service. For almost half a century Kasmir has been a trusted international resource to the interior design community. In showrooms across the country, and from their 200,000-square-foot state-of-the-art […]
Visit the Kravet website. Kravet is an industry leader in to-the-trade fabric selection, offering the widest range of colors, patterns and textures for every design style.
Visit the Lee Jofa website. Lee Jofa has been a leading source of fine fabrics for the discriminating interior designer for almost two centuries and has mastered the delicate harmony between the past, present and future.
Visit the Osbourne & Little website. Osborne & Little offers a collection of the finest fabric and wallpaper designs, exquisitely designed upholstery, furniture, wallcoverings, trimmings, fabrics and outdoor fabrics from Nina Campbell, Liberty Furnishings, Lorca and Michael Reeves.
Visit the Schumacher website. Family-owned company since 1889, Schumacher is a style leader and design innovator, specializing in luxury fabrics, wallcoverings, trims, pillows, furniture and antiques.
Visit the Stout website. Stout continues to adapt to the ever-evolving landscape of interior design by coming out with new and beautiful products every season. The 3rd and 4th generations are very much involved with business and continue to build on the legacy that was started 92 years ago as one of the industry’s oldest […]
Clearance: $1699.00 each Cushions in Grey Stripe
Summer Classics Monaco Spring Lounge Chairs (4)
Clearance: $999.00 each Cushions in Pewter Stripe
Summer Classics Monaco Sofa (2)
Clearance: $1999.00 Cushions in Linen Dove
SR: $5367.00 Clearance: $2679.00
SR: $730.00 each Clearance: $365.00 each
Wesley Hall Swivel Chair
SR: $3336.00 Clearance: $1668.00
Wesley Hall Signature Elements Sectional
SR: $12,159.00 Clearance: $6079.00
Uttermost Side Chair
SR: $1038.00 Clearance: $519.00
SR: $1605 Clearance: $799
SR: $855 Clearance: $256
Gat Creek Counter Stool
SR: $1161 Clearance: $580
SR: $1838 Clearance: $1299 62 x 34H x 14
SR: $2385 Clearance: $1189 41 x 18 x 32H
SR: $2180 Clearance: $999.00 35 x 20 x 32H
Norwalk Swivel Chair (2)
Norwalk Sparta Swivel (2 available) SR: $3415.00 CLEARANCE: $1365.00
SR: $3911 Clearance: $1564
Annie Selke Bench Ottoman
SR: $1198.00 Clearance: $599.00
FURNITURE CLASSICS BAR STOOL
MSRP: $555 CLEARANCE: $222
SUMMER CLASSICS MONACO SPRING LOUNGE (4 in stock)
MSRP: $2084 CLEARANCE: $834.00
FURNITURE CLASSICS CANE BACK ARM CHAIR (2)
MSRP: $1755 CLEARANCE: $699 EACH
Summer Classic Charleston Swivel-2 in stock
MSRP: $3464 Clearance: $1386
Woodbridge Bar Stool
MSRP: $1185 Clearance: $474 (4 available)
Fairfield Trident Swivel Chair
MSRP: $2878 Clearance: $1150
File Cabinet with Hutch
File Cabinet with Hutch MSR $3798 Clearance $1531
Swivel Chair MSRP $2841 Clearance $892
Coffee table SRP $2385 Clearance $716.00
Visit our furniture showroom and design gallery: Shops at Dodona Manor, 312 E. Market Street, Suite D, Leesburg VA 20176
To request more information about brands or design services please feel free to stop by or contact us via email or phone.
Parking: Free parking in front of our store
Shops at Dodona Manor
312 E Market St Suite D
Tuesday thru Saturday 10-5
After hours, by appointment