Being an online only store many of our furniture items are sent directly from our partner warehouses and some are on pre-order as shipments sell out quickly. We highly recommend placing an order to ensure you secure in stock items and also to secure stock from the next shipment. What we can guarantee, is a personalised service, where we communicate lead times and secure stock promptly when ordered. We also provide a full refund within the week of purchase for any items that have a longer lead time than expected. Please read the Important Lead Times message below for more information on our stock levels. We hope you enjoy shopping with us!
Searching for something special but you can't quite make up your mind?
Give the gift of choice with a Cranmore Home & Co. Gift Card.
All gift cards are valid for three years from purchase.
If you would like a different amount, please contact us and we can arrange this for you.
Our gift cards are provided as electronic gift cards, if you would like one mailed to you please let us know.
Please note that the email address you enter whilst ordering is the email we will use for confirmation of the order and invoice. For us to send the gift card directly to your recipient with a personal note, please add the email address and personal note at check out in the "note for order" section.
Any questions please contact us.
Lead Times May Apply - Stock Availability:
As we are an online only store all of our furniture items are delivered directly from our amazing brand partners. We work very closely with them to understand stock availability, but we also don’t like to disappoint our customers if it is out of stock or if there is a lead time as stock levels change frequently. Therefore if an item has a "lead times may apply' message this means they may be in stock or have a lead time of 4 - 12 weeks, it just means we need to double check stock availability as they are super popular. Feel free however to place an order now as we also guarantee a full refund (within the week of purchase), if we contact you to advise the item is out of stock and/or lead times are longer than expected.
We do however highly recommend placing a pre-order as items can sell out prior to shipments arriving, and this will ensure you receive your piece in the next shipment. If you would like estimated lead times, shipping quotes or any other information please try the instant chat or click on the Get In Touch button and we will get back to you as soon as possible. We can arrange a 50% deposit for all pre-order items, with balance due prior to delivery.
Cranmore Home & Co quote an approximate lead time for the receipt of any orders based on information provided by their partner suppliers at time of purchase. Circumstances beyond our control, may cause disruptions and lead to a delay in your order being delivered on quoted lead times once an order is placed. We will keep you as up to date as possible on any changes to estimated lead times.
What we can promise is that we will ship all in-stock products from our Perth warehouse within 3 business days and in the case of bespoke or out-of-stock products, customers will be emailed as soon as possible with an estimated shipping date. As we are an online business and many of our larger items are delivered directly from our suppliers, in this case we endeavour to ensure that our suppliers dispatch in-stock items within 5-10 business days. Delivery all depends on where it is coming from and where you live. We generally allow 7-14 days most metro areas and for many country locations, WA, NT & Tasmania please allow 2-3 weeks.
NOTE: For pre-orders from suppliers with stock coming from international manufacturers please keep in mind, the current worldwide increase in demand and restrictions for international ocean freight container exports. This is affecting supply chains extensively and sometimes lead time extensions are out of our control.
All items have a flat fee based on weight, dimensions and delivery location. This cost ranges from $9.95 - $250 for metro areas throughout Australia and this will be applied at checkout if required. For regional areas throughout Australia or for some super heavy/bulky/fragile items you may incur an additional fee, this will be advised after checkout, prior to dispatch if required. If you would like a quote tailored for your order prior to check out please contact us . Some of our items are available for collection from our Perth warehouse and will have this information on the product page if available. Orders over $2500 are eligible for free shipping to metro cities (exc TAS & NT). For all orders over $2500 that fall within regional postcodes they will incur an additional delivery charge invoiced after order. Please contact us for a quote prior to order if you would like this confirmed.
PLEASE NOTE: Delivery is to your post box or front door only. If you require white glove service of delivery, placement of item and removal of packaging please contact us to arrange. Additional costs will be incurred.
Still can't find exactly what you are looking for? Well let us help you find it!
Your perfect piece may not even be on our website, but that won't stop us, as our network of partner brands and products extends beyond the products we offer on our online store.
We can provide options and a quote with delivery costs, lead times all whilst providing a professional and personal service. Click HERE to let us know what it is you are looking for.
Children have died from furniture tipover.
ALWAYS secure furniture with an anchor device.
NEVER allow children to stand, climb or hang on drawers, doors, or shelves
Free Delivery for orders over $2500 Australia wide (metro cities). T&C's apply.
Your cart is currently empty.
Have questions about your order? Email our support team at hello@cranmorehome.com.au or try the instant chat below.
PRE-ORDER MESSAGE: If we find that your item is on backorder, we will contact you asap to see if you are happy to wait or we will arrange a refund within the week of purchase. As shipments arrive frequently, if an item is not in stock there is usually a 4 - 8 week lead time.
Cranmore Home & Co is a personally curated online furniture and homewares store, and we are a picky bunch when it comes to the brands and products we offer. Whether it's lighting for your dining room or a rug for your study, living room cushions or throw rugs for those chillier nights, we don't miss a beat when it comes to our customers' needs. Whatever its calling, every piece of designer homewares and furniture in the Cranmore Home & Co. curation has made the list through a highly selective process and has been given the nod for quality, style, and value.
hello@cranmorehome.com.au
$25 off your first order over $250 if you subscribe with us.
About Cranmore Home & Co...
Proudly owned and operated by me, Jayne Graham, Cranmore Home & Co. brings ever changing curated furniture from boutique Australian brands to you daily and also offers a personal trade product sourcing service for the interiors, styling, architectural and building industry.
Whatever its calling, every piece of designer homewares and furniture in the Cranmore Home & Co. curation has made the list through a highly selective process and has been given the nod for quality, style, and value. I appreciate that what furnishes one’s living spaces is what makes them so very livable and we are confident that everything in our selection has what it takes.
The individual charm and character of any of our homewares or furniture is sure to make it quite at home where it belongs.
Cranmore Home & Co has been operating for over 15 years and customers can shop with confidence as I pride myself on personal customer service. We may be an online only business, but there is real person behind the scenes product sourcing, processing orders and responding to customer enquiries (Yes if you use the instant chat you will be talking to me, the owner!).
Cranmore Home & Co. is an online only business, however work very closely with our furniture suppliers and usually bigger furniture items will be coming directly from them to keep the shipping costs as low as we can.
Being online means that many of our larger furniture items may have lead times and will require a pre-order. What we guarantee is that if your items is not in stock when you purchase online we will contact you directly with the option of a refund or will provide the estimated time of delivery and discuss whether you are ok to wait. You can always contact us on hello@cranmorehome.com prior to purchase if you would like an understanding of lead times prior to purchase.
A little bit more about me...
After completing an interior design course with the Interior Design Academy in 2018 I decided to make a big life change and put my 20 years of sales and marketing experience to play in an industry new to my previous roles, but one that has always been close to my personal passions.
I truly hope you enjoy scrolling through Cranmore Home & Co's many collections. I know I love adding new products from boutique Australian brands and sharing them with our customers the minute I find them.
Enjoy, Jayne Graham x
Contact Cranmore Home & Co.
Need further information on any of the products or services?
Try our instant chat at the bottom right hand corner of your screen.
Submit a form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Or email us at hello@cranmorehome.com.au.
Prefer to have a chat though, feel free to call us on 1300 864 489 between 9am and 4.30pm Monday to Friday (Australian Eastern Standard Time).
We will get back to you as soon as we can!
We have spent many years carefully selecting our homewares online from brands that we trust in design and quality. We have different styles, colours, shapes and sizes throughout our homewares collections. So enjoy scrolling and we hope you find something gorgeous to add to your home.
CUSHION | Maya 35 by pony rider
VIEW PRODUCT- Regular Price
CANDLE STAND | Halley Medium White by Indigo Love Collectors
CANDLE STAND | Halley Small Charcoal by Indigo Love Collectors
CANDLE STAND | Halley Small White by Indigo Love Collectors
CANDLE STAND | Adolfo Black Small by Indigo Love Collectors
CANDLE STAND | Adolfo White Small by Indigo Love Collectors
VASE | Avriel Tall by Indigo Love Collectors
VASE | Avriel Short by Indigo Love Collectors
VASE | Klein Matt White Small by Indigo Love Collectors
VASE | Klein Matt White Medium by Indigo Love Collectors
VASE | Klein Matt Black Medium by Indigo Love Collectors
VASE | Wright Tall by Indigo Love Collectors
VASE | Wright Short by Indigo Love Collectors
CUSHION | Lil Ancestors Way Tobacco Brown/Monks Rober Donkey by Pony Rider
CUSHION COVER | Canoe Life Liquorice w/ Monks Robe Embroidery by Pony Rider
Showing items(s) 1-15 of 15.
Are you looking for that next piece of furniture to make your house a home?
Well you are looking in the right place. At Cranmore Home you will find something for every room. We have designer furniture for your bedroom, living room, kitchen, dining room, home & office, right through to furniture for your outdoor space.
So if you are looking for that gorgeous bed or bed head, some new dining chairs or even a dining table you will find a great selection here.
We have spent many years carefully selecting our furniture from brands that we trust in design and quality. We have different styles, colours, shapes and sizes throughout our furniture selection. So enjoy scrolling and we hope you find something gorgeous to add to your home.
If you can't find what you are looking for please do not hesitate to contact us as we may be able to source designer furniture online from our other partners.
Please note lead times may apply and a small delivery charge will be applied for heavy or fragile items at checkout. If you would like a quote for several items and accurate delivery charges please email hello@cranmorehome.com.au or submit query here.
OUTDOOR OCCASIONAL CHAIR | Closed Weave Black Laid Back by Cranmore Home & Co.
DINING CHAIR | White Woven Leather by Cranmore Home & Co. (Copy)
DINING CHAIR | Black Woven Leather by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Rattan Arch by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Hamptons 3 drawer 91cm weathered oak by Cranmore Home & Co.
BED | Cane High End by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR SOFA | 3 SEATER ROUND SOFA - Natural
OUTDOOR SOFA | 2 SEATER ROUND SOFA - Dark Grey
OUTDOOR SOFA | SINGLE SEATER ROUND SWIVEL SOFA - Natural
OUTDOOR SOFA | SINGLE SEATER SWIVEL ROUND SOFA - DARK GREY
CABINET | The Midi in poppy by Mustard Made
BUFFET | Palm Springs by Canvas + Sasson
SIDE TABLE | Palm Springs by Canvas + Sasson
STORAGE | Twinny in butter by Mustard Made
SIDE TABLE shorty design in butter by mustard made
CONSOLE | The Lowdown in butter by Mustard Made
CABINET | The Midi in butter by Mustard Made
STORAGE | Twinny in Poppy by Mustard Made
BEDSIDE TABLE | Hamptons 3 drawer white gloss by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Curved Rattan Left and Right Pair
OUTDOOR DINING TABLE | Teak Slat by Cranmore Home & Co,
BEDSIDE TABLE | Romeo by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR SOFA | Classic Slate by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR SOFA | Classic White by Cranmore Home & Co.
Rattan Bedroom Furniture
Bedroom Furniture is a very personal choice, this is your own personal space in which you need to relax and sleep. Luckily for you we have an array of bedroom furniture online, on our online store. You will find bedroom furniture from Australia throughout our selection which will suit the coastal, farmhouse, vintage inspired and contemporary interior styles. I understand too, that purchasing bedroom furniture online can seem daunting but all of our bedroom furniture available online, has been purchased by our customers and we have only had great reviews! Our bedroom furniture is all from boutique brands, so you won’t find them just anywhere, we have worked with partners to bring you the best quality bedroom furniture in Australia, so we hope you enjoy the collection.
One of our favourite bedroom furniture brands is Uniqwa Collections, their coastal bedroom furniture is super popular with our customers, especially the Strand bed available in oak or black stain. Our collection also includes a variety of rattan bedroom furniture which is perfect for any coastal abode. Rattan bedroom furniture is really popular and we have bedheads, drawers, bedside tables and even pendants which are part of our rattan bedroom furniture collection.
Also our Mustard Made lockers are also really popular, the colours and different sizes fit every single room. Mustard Made’s vintage inspired lockers provide a colourful option when styling your bedroom furniture and they are not just good looking, but practical too. The Mustard Made Shorty makes the perfect bedside table as it has a shelf and lockable door. Also, if you don’t have any built in wardrobes, the Mustard Made Twinny locker makes the perfect wardrobe, with hanging space and shelving that you can configure however best suits you. Oh and the Mustard Made Lowdown is the perfect addition to a child's bedroom furniture as you can hide all the toys and lock the doors if you need to!
STORAGE | Baskets by Mustard Made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in slate by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in chalk by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in olive by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in ocean by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in blush by mustard made
BED | Four Poster Bed in Natural by Uniqwa
STORAGE | skinny design in blush by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in mustard by mustard made
STORAGE | skinny design in ocean by mustard made
BED | Four Poster in black by Uniqwa
STORAGE | skinny design in olive by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in sage by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in navy by mustard made
STORAGE | skinny design in slate by mustard made
STORAGE | skinny design in mustard by mustard made
SIDE TABLE | BEDSIDE | shorty design in lilac by mustard made
STORAGE | skinny design in lilac by mustard made
STORAGE | skinny design in navy by mustard made
ENTERTAINMENT UNIT | Rattan Curved 4 & 6 door by Cranmore Home & Co.
DRAWERS | Hamptons 5 drawers weathered oak by Cranmore Home & Co.
STORAGE | skinny design in berry by mustard made
SIDE TABLE shorty design in berry by mustard made
STORAGE | skinny design in chalk by mustard made
One of my most favourite pieces of furniture is a bed! You spend a lot of time in your bed so choosing the right bed online is important. A bed is also not something you purchase all the time, it is an investment, so you want to get it right! Choose the right bed online and you will sleep like a baby every night!
So choosing the right bed online or bed head online all depends on whether the bed is going to be the feature of your bedroom or whether it is to blend in with your chosen style.
Our coastal style beds by Uniqwa are a feature bed! You need to have the room for one of these, but it will look amazing in your bedroom. It is the perfect bed online for the coastal style or boho room! Our Eden rose gold beds are also a customer favourite with the kids. Especially with the wrought iron look these blend in well to most kids interior styles. Also our boucle bed head collection is super popular for anyone styling a coastal retreat.
Beds are also a place where you like to have a cuppa in bed, read a book or just chill out so choosing a bed with an upholstered bedhead provides a little more comfort, but a timber frame does provide warmth to a room. We have a selection of bedheads online varying in size, shape and colour! Our boucle bed head is super popular too, selling out prior to shipments arriving alot of the time, so a pre-order is recommended. Actually all of the beds online at Cranmore Home & Co are usually pre-order as they are super popular, but it doesn't mean you usually have to wait too long, it just means you will definitely get one on the next available shipment.
Please do get in touch if you would like to find out more about our beds online or bedheads online here at Cranmore Home & Co.
BED | American Oak by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDHEAD | Palm Springs Horizon by Canvas & Sasson
BEDHEAD | Cane by Cranmore Home & Co.
BED | Teak Four Poster by Cranmore Home & Co.
BED | Cane White Low End by Cranmore Home & Co.
BED | Cane Low End by Cranmore Home & Co.
Bedside tables are both practical and beautiful when it comes to adding style to your bedroom. They can even become the room’s feature piece and upstage your bed frame. When picking bedside tables you need to consider a few things. Firstly, do they match your current bed frame or the bed frame you are planning on getting? It’s important to get this right so your room doesn’t end up looking mismatched. Much like interior designers, you must select similar style furniture to make sure everything fits. The second thing you need to consider is how much practicality you want your bedside tables to have. If you are looking for something minimalist then a stool-inspired bedside table is the way to go. Uniqwa has a wide selection of such bedside tables you can choose from. But if you are looking for something more practical, consider a locker bedside table. They have a lot of storage space and are suitable for a modern industrial-style home. Mustard Made is the leading brand when it comes to locker bedside tables, and their furniture comes in an array of different colours, so you can pick the one that best suits your bedroom.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Cane (wide) weathered oak by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Hamptons 3 drawer weathered oak by Cranmore Home & Co.
SIDE TABLE | Wray by Cranmore Home & Co.
SIDE TABLE | Juliette in black by Cranmore Home & Co.
SIDE TABLE | Juliette by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Geo Natural by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Geo in Black by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Cane by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Cane (wide) white by Cranmore Home & Co.
BEDSIDE TABLE | Curved by Cranmore Home & Co.
DRAWERS | Hamptons 9 drawer weathered oak by Cranmore Home & Co.
DRAWERS | Hamptons 9 drawers in White by Cranmore Home & Co.
DRAWERS | Hamptons 5 Drawers White by Cranmore Home & Co.
DRAWERS | Geometric by Cranmore Home & Co.
DRAWERS | Rattan (5 or 8 Drawers) by Cranmore Home & Co.
Showing items(s) 1-6 of 6.
Nursery & Kids Bedroom
Can't find what you are looking for? Chat with us in the instant chat below.
Bring life to your outdoors and transform your backyard into an active living space. Your patio and garden can be an oasis of relaxation to wind down after a hard day at work or to spend time with family and friends.
Create your own outdoor sanctuary by adding outdoor furniture that suits your personality and style. At Cranmore Home & Co we offer a range of sought after brands, such as Uniqwa and our own Cranmore Home & Co Collection to make your outdoors comfortable and cosy.
OUTDOOR DINING CHAIR | Closed Weave (Set of 2) by Cranmore Home & co.
OUTDOOR OCCASIONAL CHAIR | Closed Weave White Laid Back by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR SOFA | Roped Weave 1 Seater by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR SOFA | Roped Weave 2 Seater by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR DINING TABLE | Timber Slats by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR DINING TABLE | Extension by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR DINING TABLE | Round Suzie by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR UMBRELLA | White by Cranmore Home & Co.
HANGING CHAIR | Boho White by Cranmore Home & Co.
HANGING CHAIR | Boho Natural by Cranmore Home & Co.
Showing items(s) 1-18 of 18.
Showing items(s) 1-4 of 4.
Outdoor Dining Chairs
OUTDOOR LOUNGE | Simple Sunlounger by Cranmore Home & Co.
OUTDOOR LOUNGE | Ava Sunlounger by Cranmore Home & Co.
Showing items(s) 1-10 of 10.
We hope you enjoying looking throughout outdoor occasional chair collection. Please note that most of these chairs can not be exposed to the outdoor elements but must be undercover. The product specifications will let you know if they are suitable for non-sheltered areas.
Showing items(s) 1-2 of 2.
STORAGE | skinny design in sage by mustard made
STORAGE | skinny design in butter by mustard made
DESK | Manto White by Canvas and Sasson
DESK | Manto Elm by Canvas and Sasson
Showing items(s) 1-13 of 13.
Showing items(s) 1-11 of 11.
DINING TABLES & CHAIRS AUSTRALIA | BAR STOOLS | INDOOR BENCHES | KITCHEN DINING FURNITURE AUSTRALIA
The most used rooms in the house by the whole family are the kitchen and dining room, so it’s important to get kitchen and dining furniture right, both in style and comfort. The Kitchen tends to be the focus point of many homes these days as the open plan design lends itself to the blending of kitchen and dining areas. This therefore makes it important to get stylish kitchen and dining furniture, including; a dining table and chairs, bar stools for your kitchen island bench and even changing it up a bit around the table by using an indoor bench seat instead of individual chairs, the options are endless.
We have a selection of kitchen and dining furniture from several different brands. Our selection of dining tables include rectangle and round shapes, with timber, metal and marble for material options. Our dining chair options include fabric, timber, leather and rattan, so a variety of styles to choose from to match our dining tables. A very popular choice is also having indoor bench seats with a dining table, as you can squeeze more people on an indoor bench seat when entertaining! The trick with dining tables is getting the sizing right so that you can fit the right amount of chairs around it, but also ensuring you are able to pull the chair out and in with enough room. So always check your measurements when looking at kitchen dining furniture. If you need help selecting matching dining tables and chairs and getting the size right, get in touch as we love to help.
DINING CHAIR | Sloane Somerset by Canvas & Sasson
DINING TABLE | Coco in Black by Cranmore Home & Co.
DINING CHAIR | Sloane Langley by Canvas & Sasson
DINING CHAIR | Natural Teak by Cranmore Home & Co.
DINING TABLE | Square Leg by Cranmore Home & Co.
DINING TABLE | Round American Oak by Cranmore Home & Co.
DINING TABLE | Solid Teak Round by Cranmore Home & Co.